Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) is an American multinational semiconductor company based in Sunnyvale, California, that develops computer processors and related technologies for commercial and consumer markets. Its main products include microprocessors, motherboard chipsets, embedded processors and graphics processors for servers, workstations and personal computers, and processor technologies for handheld devices, digital television, automobiles, game consoles, and other embedded systems applications. AMD is the second-largest global supplier of microprocessors based on the x86 architecture after Intel Corporation, and the third-largest supplier of graphics processing units, behind Intel and Nvidia. It also owns 21% of Spansion, a supplier of non-volatile flash memory. In 2009, AMD ranked ninth among semiconductor manufacturers in terms of revenue.
Intel Corporation is the inventor of the x86 series of microprocessors, the processors found in most personal computers. The company is the world's largest semiconductor chip maker, based on revenue. Intel was founded on July 18, 1968, as Integrated Electronics Corporation (though a common misconception is that \"Intel\" is from the word intelligence) and is based in Santa Clara, California, USA. Intel also makes motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphic chips, embedded processors, and other devices related to communications and computing. Founded by semiconductor pioneers Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore, and widely associated with the executive leadership and vision of Andrew Grove, Intel combines advanced chip design capability with a leading-edge manufacturing capability. Originally known primarily to engineers and technologists, Intel's \"Intel Inside\" advertising campaign of the 1990s made it and its Pentium processor household names. Intel was an early developer of SRAM and DRAM memory chips, and this represented the majority of its business until the early 1980s. While Intel created the first commercial microprocessor chip in 1971, it was not until the success of the personal computer (PC) that this became their primary business. During the 1990s, Intel invested heavily in new microprocessor designs fostering the rapid growth of the PC industry. During this period Intel became the dominant supplier of microprocessors for PCs, and was known for aggressive and sometimes controversial tactics in defense of its market position, particularly against AMD, as well as a struggle with Microsoft for control over the direction of the PC industry. The 2009 rankings of the world's 100 most powerful brands published by Millward Brown Optimor showed the company's brand value rising 4 places \u2013 from number 27 to number 23. In addition to its work in semiconductors, Intel has begun research in electrical transmission and generation.
Linus Benedict Torvalds is a Finnish software engineer best known for having initiated the development of the Linux kernel and git revision control system. He later became the chief architect of the Linux kernel, and now acts as the project's coordinator.
MIPS Technologies, Inc. , formerly MIPS Computer Systems, Inc. , is most widely known for developing the MIPS architecture and a series of pioneering RISC CPUs. MIPS provides processor architectures and cores for digital consumer, networking, personal entertainment, communications and business applications. MIPS Computer Systems Inc. was founded in 1984 by a group of researchers from Stanford University that included John L. Hennessy, as a vendor of microprocessor chips. MIPS made its first initial public offering (IPO) on Nasdaq in November 1989 (after which it was acquired by Silicon Graphics, SGI, spun-off, then IPOed again in 1998). After being successful in the market with the R2000 and R3000 microprocessors, a management change brought along the larger dreams of being a computer vendor. The company found itself unable to compete in the computer market against much larger companies and was struggling to support the costs of developing both the chips and the systems. To secure the supply of future generations of MIPS microprocessors, SGI acquired the company in 1992 for $333 million and ran it as MIPS Technologies Inc. (MTI), a wholly owned subsidiary of SGI. During SGI's ownership of MTI, the company introduced the R8000 in 1994 and the R10000 in 1996 and a follow up, the R12000 in 1998. During this time, two future microprocessors code-named The Beast and Capitan were in development. These were cancelled after SGI decided to migrate to the Itanium architecture in 1998. As a result, MTI was spin out as an intellectual property licensing company offering licences to the MIPS architecture as well as microprocessor core designs. MTI made an IPO on 30 June 1998, i.e. it was no longer wholly owned by SGI since the IPO. SGI spun it off completely on 20 June 2000 by distributing all its interest as stock dividend to the stock holders. Shares of the company are publicly traded on NASDAQ with the symbols MIPS . Besides its headquarters in Sunnyvale, California, MIPS has development facilities in Shanghai in China and Beaverton, Oregon. It also has offices in Hsin-chu, Taiwan; Tokyo, Japan; Remscheid, Germany and Haifa, Israel.
Spenser (his first name is never revealed) is a fictional character in a series of detective novels by the American mystery writer Robert B. Parker, as well as a television series (') and a series of TV movies, based on the novels.
Sun Microsystems, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle Corporation, selling computers, computer components, computer software, and information technology services. Sun was founded on February 24, 1982. The company was headquartered in Santa Clara, California, on the former west campus of the Agnews Developmental Center. On January 27, 2010, Sun was acquired by Oracle Corporation for US$7.4 billion, based on an agreement signed on April 20, 2009. Sun products include computer servers and workstations based on its own SPARC processors as well as AMD's Opteron and Intel's Xeon processors; storage systems; and, a suite of software products including the Solaris operating system, developer tools, Web infrastructure software, and identity management applications. Other technologies of note include the Java platform, MySQL and NFS. Sun is a proponent of open systems in general and Unix in particular, and a major contributor to open source software. Sun's manufacturing facilities are located in Hillsboro, Oregon and Linlithgow, Scotland.
Nvidia is a multinational corporation which specializes in the development of graphics processing units and chipset technologies for workstations, personal computers, and mobile devices. Based in Santa Clara, California, the company has become a major supplier of integrated circuits (ICs), designing graphics processing units (GPUs) and chipsets used in graphics cards, in personal-computer motherboards, and in video game consoles. Notable Nvidia product lines include: the GeForce series for gaming the Quadro series for computer-aided design and for digital content creation (DCC) on workstations the nForce series of integrated motherboard chipsets the Tegra for mobile devices
Tapioca is a starch extracted from the root of the plant species Manihot esculenta. This species, native to the Amazon, is now cultivated worldwide and has many names, including cassava, bitter-cassava, manioc, \"mandioca\", \"aipim\", \"macaxeira\", \"manioca\", \"boba\", \"yuca\" (not to be confused with yucca), \"Sagudana\" (literally, Sagu drops)--with local variation of \"Sabudana\"--and \"kappa\". In Vietnam, it is called b\u1ED9t n\u0103ng. The name tapioca is a word derived from tipi'\u00F3ka, the name for this starch in Tupi. This Tupi word refers to the process by which the starch is made edible. However, as the word moved out of South America it came to refer to similar preparations made with other esculents. Tapioca is a staple food in some regions and is used worldwide as a thickening agent, principally in foods. Tapioca is gluten free, and nearly protein free. 'Tapioca' in Britain often refers to a milk pudding thickened with arrowroot, while in Asia the sap of the sago palm is often part of its preparation.
Ceiba is the name of a genus of many species of large trees found in tropical areas, including Mexico, Central and South America, The Bahamas, Belize and the Caribbean, West Africa, and Southeast Asia. Some species can grow to 70 m (230 ft) tall or more, with a straight, largely branchless trunk that culminates in a huge, spreading canopy, and buttress roots that can be taller than a grown person. The best-known, and most widely cultivated, species is Kapok, Ceiba pentandra. Recent botanical opinion incorporates Chorisia within Ceiba, raising the number of species from 10 to 20 or more, and puts the genus as a whole within the family Malvaceae. Ceiba species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the leaf-miner Bucculatrix ceibae which feeds exclusively on the genus.
Palm, Inc. is a smartphone manufacturer headquartered in Sunnyvale, California that is responsible for products such as the Treo, Centro and Pre smartphones. Previous product lines include the Palm Pilot, Palm III, Palm V, Palm VII, Zire and Tungsten. While their older devices run Palm OS Garnet, four editions of the Treo run Windows Mobile. In early 2009 Palm announced a new operating system, webOS, replacing the original Palm OS Garnet in their newest devices.
Henry Fillmore (3 December 1881 \u2013 7 December 1956) was an American musician, composer, and publisher. A prolific composer, Fillmore wrote over 250 tunes and arranged orchestrations for hundreds more; he also published a great number of tunes under various pseudonyms. While best known for march music and screamers, he also wrote waltzes, foxtrots, hymns, novelty numbers, overtures and waltzes. James Henry Fillmore Jr. was born in Cincinnati, Ohio as the eldest of 5 children. In his youth he mastered piano, guitar, violin, and flute -- as well as the slide trombone, which at first he played in secret, as his conservative religious father believed it an uncouth and sinful instrument. Fillmore was also a singer for his church choir as a boy. He began composing at 18, with his first published march \"Higham\", named after a line of brass instruments. Fillmore entered the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music in 1901. After this he traveled around the United States as a circus bandmaster with his wife, an exotic dancer named Mabel May Jones. They got married in St Louis. In the 1920s he was back in Cincinnati, directing the Shriners Temple Band, which he turned into one of the best marching bands in the country. Fillmore's best known compositions include: The Footlifter Americans We Men of Ohio His Honor The Klaxon Miami (March) Lassus Trombone (We're) Men of Florida Military Escort Mt. Healthy The Crosley March Noble Men Rolling Thunder March The Circus Bee King Karl King Fillmore gained fame as the Father of the Trombone Smear, writing a series of fifteen novelty tunes featuring trombone smears called \"The Trombone Family\", including Miss Trombone, Sally Trombone, Lassus Trombone and Shoutin' Liza Trombone. A number of these have a strong ragtime influence. All of Fillmore's trombone rags are: Miss Trombone (1908) Teddy Trombone (1911) Lassus Trombone (1915) Pahson Trombone (1916) Sally Trombone (1917) Slim Trombone (1918) Mose Trombone (1919) Shoutin' Liza Trombone (1920) Hot Trombone (1921) Bones Trombone (1922) Dusty Trombone (1923) Bull Trombone (1924) Lucky Trombone (1926) Boss Trombone (1929) Ham Trombone (1929) Henry Fillmore wrote under a series of different names such as Harold Bennett, Ray Hall, Harry Hartley, Al Hayes, and the funniest, Henrietta Moore. The name that caused a conflict was Will Huff, because there was a Will Huff who composed marches and lived in his state and area. In 1938 Fillmore retired to Miami, Florida, but kept active in his later years organizing and rehearsing high school bands in Florida. Henry Fillmore Band Hall, the rehearsal hall for many of the University of Miami's performing groups, including the Band of the Hour, stands today as a tribute to Fillmore's work in the band genre. There, he wrote his final piece, \"President's March\". Fillmore lived out the rest of his days in South Florida.
Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band from Buffalo, New York, formed in 1988. The band has released eleven studio albums, one boxed set, and one live album. Although Cannibal Corpse has had little radio or television exposure, a cult following began to build behind the group with albums such as 1991's Butchered at Birth and 1992's Tomb of the Mutilated. Cannibal Corpse reached over one-million in record sales worldwide in 2003, including 558,929 in the United States, making them the top-selling death metal band of all time in the US, and second worldwide. The members of Cannibal Corpse were originally inspired by thrash metal bands like Slayer, Kreator, and Sodom, as well as other death metal bands like Morbid Angel and Death. The band's lyrics and album art (most often done by Vincent Locke), which draw heavily on horror fiction and horror films, are highly controversial. At different times, several countries have banned Cannibal Corpse from performing within their borders, or have banned the sale and display of original Cannibal Corpse album covers.
Popol Vuh is a corpus of mythistorical narratives of the Classic Quich\u00E9 kingdom in Guatemala's western highlands. The title translates as \"Book of the Community,\" \"Book of Counsel,\" or more literally as \"Book of the Mat. \" The Popol Vuh's prominent features are its creation myth, its diluvian suggestion, its epic tales of the Hero Twins Hunahp\u00FA and Xbalanqu\u00E9, and its genealogies. The myth begins with the exploits of anthropomorphic ancestors and concludes with a regnal genealogy, perhaps suggesting an assertion of divine right rule. As with other texts, a great deal of Popol Vuh's significance lies in the scarcity of early accounts dealing with Mesoamerican mythologies. Popol Vuh's fortuitous survival is attributable to the 17th century Dominican friar Francisco Xim\u00E9nez.
National Semiconductor is a semiconductor manufacturer, specializing in analog devices and subsystems, headquartered in Santa Clara, California, USA. The products of National Semiconductor include power management circuits, display drivers, audio and operational amplifiers, communication interface products and data conversion solutions. National's key markets include wireless handsets, displays and a variety of broad electronics markets, including medical, automotive, industrial, and test and measurement applications.
Maxtor Corporation was an American manufacturer of computer hard disk drives founded in 1982 and acquired by Seagate Technology in 2006. As of December 2005, just prior to the acquisition, Maxtor was the world's third-largest manufacturer of hard disks. It now operates as a subsidiary of Seagate. Maxtor targeted both the server and desktop market, concentrating on disk capacity more than disk speed for desktops.
William Earl \"Bootsy\" Collins (born October 26, 1951, Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American funk bassist, singer, and songwriter. Rising to prominence with James Brown in the late 1960s, and with Parliament-Funkadelic in the '70s, Collins's driving bass guitar and humorous vocals established him as one of the leading names in funk. Collins is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
Gamaliel Bailey (December 3, 1807 &ndash; June 5, 1859) was an American journalist and abolitionist.
Bradley Joseph \"Brad\" Fitzpatrick (born February 5, 1980 in Iowa), often seen on the Internet under the nickname bradfitz, is an American programmer. He is best known as the creator of LiveJournal and is the author of a variety of free software projects such as memcached, notably used on LiveJournal, Facebook and YouTube. Born in Iowa, Fitzpatrick grew up in Beaverton, Oregon and majored in computer science at the University of Washington in Seattle. LiveJournal eventually became a full-time job and then a company, which he called Danga Interactive. In January 2005, Fitzpatrick sold Danga to Six Apart, for an undisclosed sum of cash and stock. He was named chief architect of Six Apart. He left Six Apart in August 2007, citing a need to move on to different projects, and had not been active in LiveJournal's development for about two years, but joined the LiveJournal Advisory Board in 2008. He now works for Google. Brad is an avid scuba diver and motorcyclist.
Salsa criolla (or \"Sarza criolla\") is a South American version of salsa, composed of sliced onions accompanied by one or more of the following: cilantro, boiled or pickled beets, boiled potatoes, avocado, chili peppers and/or tomatoes. It is typically served with toast, seafood, meat or rice.
Brazilian cuisine, like Brazil itself, varies greatly by region. A vast country that boasts a breadth of influences, such as Amerindian, Portuguese, Italian, Spanish, German, Arab, African and Japanese, Brazil's culture and cuisine are extremely distinct. Dishes such as picadinho de jacar\u00E9 are quite original; the meal is made from alligator meat. The natural crops of the region also add to its singularity. Root vegetables such as cassava (locally known as mandioca, aipim, or macaxeira), yams, and peanuts, and fruits like a\u00E7a\u00ED, cupua\u00E7u, mango, papaya, guava, orange, passionfruit, pineapple, and hog plum are among the local ingredients used in cooking. Brazilian pine nuts called pinh\u00E3o grow in a tree that is abundant in the southern part of Brazil, and are a popular national snack, as well as a lucrative export. Rice and beans are an extremely common dish, as are fish, beef and pork. Some typical dishes are caruru, which consists of sun-dried meat, beans, goat, and corn meal; feijoada, a simmered bean-and-meat dish; tutu de feij\u00E3o, which is a paste of beans and mandioca flour; moqueca capixaba, which is made of fish and tomato; and chouri\u00E7o, a mildly spicy sausage. Barreado, a meal from the State of Paran\u00E1, is made by putting meat in ceramic pans, and burying the pans under the soil so that the meat boils with the heat of the sun. Salgadinhos, cheese bread, past\u00E9is and coxinha are common finger foods, while cuscuz branco, milled tapioca, is a popular dessert. Brazil is also known for its cacha\u00E7a, a popular native liquor used to make in the chic Caipirinha cocktails. Brazil is known for its gauchos, cowboy figures in the Pampas regions. A barbecue-style meat known as churrasco is thus popular in those regions. Many Brazilian restaurants that open abroad serve churrasco, so the dish is perceived in the international community as one of the main meals in the country. In actuality, the country's gigantic geographic scope creates regional differences in the cuisine, and no single dish can encompass and represent the national palate.
Frederick A. (Fred) Leuchter, Jr. (born 1944) is a self-taught American execution technician and author of Holocaust forensic material. He claims to have improved the design of instruments for capital punishment and had execution equipment contracts with several states. Subsequently, Leuchter became known for his testimony in defense of Holocaust denier Ernst Z\u00FCndel in 1988. His study for Z\u00FCndel's trial is referred to as the Leuchter report after it was published by Z\u00FCndel as such and is often framed as a scientifically based work of Holocaust denial, though his research methods and findings have been refuted. A documentary on the controversy, entitled Mr. Death: The Rise and Fall of Fred A. Leuchter, Jr. , was released by Errol Morris in 1999.
Seven Mary Three, occasionally abbreviated to 7M3, is an American hard rock band. They have released seven studio albums and are best known for their hit single \"Cumbersome,\" as well as \"Water's Edge\" and \"Wait\" among others.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers are a heartland rock band, most of whose members are from the United States. They were formed in 1976 by Tom Petty, Mike Campbell, and Benmont Tench, all of whom had been members of Mudcrutch. Petty and the Heartbreakers are known for hit singles such as \"American Girl\", \"Breakdown\", \"The Waiting\", \"Learning to Fly\", \"Refugee\" and \"Mary Jane's Last Dance. \" The Heartbreakers still tour regularly and continue to make and record albums. They have gone through numerous line up changes between 1982 and 2002, with Tench, Petty and Campbell being the only members consistently in the band from when it first started. Petty has fought against his record company on more than one occasion, first in 1976 over transference to another label and then again in 1981 over the price of his record, which was (at that time) considered expensive. He is also outspoken on the current state of the music industry and modern radio stations. On his 2002 album, The Last DJ, Petty sang about that and other issues and talked about them on the bonus DVD that came with the limited edition album. Although most of what they do is together as The Heartbreakers, they have also participated in outside projects, with Petty himself releasing solo albums, the most successful being 1989s Full Moon Fever. Although Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers have not released an album since 2002, the three founding members, along with Randall Marsh and Tom Leadon recorded an album by Mudcrutch. This was the band's first album, made more significant by the fact that they had not recorded together since 1974. Additionally, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers recently announced that they will begin a tour and release a new studio album titled Mojo in the spring of 2010.
Agilent Technologies, or Agilent, is a company which designs and manufactures instruments and equipment for measurement and evaluation. The company's headquarters are in Santa Clara, California. Many of Agilent's predecessor product lines were developed by the American computing company Hewlett-Packard, which was founded in 1939. In 1999, the product lines not directly connected with computers, storage, and imaging were grouped into a separate company (Agilent), the stock of which was offered to the public in an initial public offering. The Agilent IPO may have been the largest in the history of Silicon Valley. The company thus created in 1999 was an $8 billion company with about 47,000 employees, manufacturing scientific instruments, semiconductors, optical networking devices, and electronic test equipment for telecom and wireless R&amp;D and production.
Yerba mate or yerba-mate (Br. ), Ilex paraguariensis, is a species of holly native to subtropical South America in northeastern Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and southern Brazil. It was first scientifically classified by Swiss botanist Moses Bertoni, who settled in Paraguay in 1895. The yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree growing up to 15 meters tall. The leaves are evergreen, 7\u201311 cm long and 3\u20135.5 cm wide, with a serrated margin. The flowers are small, greenish-white, with four petals. The fruit is a red drupe 4\u20136 mm in diameter.
Richard Threlkeld Cox (1898 \u2013 May 2, 1991) was a professor of physics at Johns Hopkins University, known for Cox's theorem relating to the foundations of probability. He was born in Portland, Oregon, the son of attorney Lewis Cox and Elinor Cox. After Lewis Cox died, Elinor Cox married John Latan\u00E9, who became a professor at Johns Hopkins University in 1913. In 1915 Richard enrolled at Johns Hopkins University to study physics, but his studies were cut short when he was drafted for World War I. He stayed in the US after being drafted and returned to Johns Hopkins University after the war, completing his BA in 1920. He earned his PhD in 1924; his dissertation was A Study of Pfund's Pressure Gauge. He taught at New York University (NYU) from 1924 to 1943, before returning to JHU to teach. He studied probability theory, the scattering of electrons, and the discharges of electric eels. Richard Cox's most important work was Cox's theorem. His wife Shelby Shackleford (1899 Halifax, Virginia \u2013 1987), whom he married in 1926, was an accomplished artist and illustrated Electric Eel Calling, Richard's books on electric eels.
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch was a hip-hop group led by Mark Wahlberg (alias Marky Mark). The Funky Bunch consisted of Scott Ross (alias Scottie Gee), Hector Barros (alias Hector the Booty Inspector), Terry Yancey (alias DJ-T) and Anthony Thomas (alias Ashey Ace). The group's best known song is \"Good Vibrations\", which made it to number one on the American music charts in 1991.
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones are an American third wave ska band from Cambridge, Massachusetts. Formed in 1983, the Bosstones are often credited with the creation of the ska-core genre, a form of music that mixes elements of third wave ska and hardcore punk. The band released seven full-length albums, three EPs and a live album while touring continuously before their announcement of a in December 2003. They reunited in the fall of 2007 and performed together for the first time in four years at Boston's Middle East club. The band has continued to tour and record since. In December 2007, the band released a compilation album, Medium Rare, their first release since the band reunited earlier that year. The band released their first studio album in seven years, Pin Points and Gin Joints, on December 8, 2009.
New Found Glory (formerly A New Found Glory) is an American rock band from Coral Springs, Florida, formed in 1997. Founding members were lead vocalist Jordan Pundik, lead guitarist and composer Chad Gilbert, rhythm guitarist and lyricist Steve Klein, bassist Ian Grushka and drummer Joe Moreno. Current drummer Cyrus Bolooki replaced Moreno after only a handful of shows and the lineup has remained unchanged ever since. Influenced by punk revival bands from the 1990s such as Green Day and NOFX, the five-piece are renowned for incorporating pop melodies into a punk rock sound. Subsequently, they are now widely credited as a key pioneer in the fusion genre of pop punk. Also noted for their energetic live performances, the band have garnered a devout following over the course of their career. The band began touring the East Coast area and built a strong following before releasing debut album, Nothing Gold Can Stay (1999). It was distributed on independent label Eulogy Recordings and sold in excess of 300,000 copies. The following year, debut single \"Hit or Miss\" charted on the US Modern Rock Chart and exposed the band to a wider audience. Their subsequent three studio albums; New Found Glory (2000), Sticks and Stones (2002), and Catalyst (2004) all charted on the Billboard 200 and achieved gold certifications by the RIAA. After a break from touring, the band worked with Thom Panunzio on their critically acclaimed fifth album, Coming Home (2006). The record drew influences from classic rock and marked a stylistic change that differed largely from their earlier material. After a spell without a contract, the band signed with independent label Bridge Nine Records and released a new EP titled, Tip of The Iceberg (2008). Their sixth and most recent studio album, Not Without a Fight (2009), was recorded and produced by Mark Hoppus before they signed with current label Epitaph Records.
The Cars were an American rock band that emerged from the early New Wave music scene in the late 1970s. The band consisted of singer and rhythm guitarist Ric Ocasek, singer and bassist Benjamin Orr, guitarist Elliot Easton, keyboardist Greg Hawkes and drummer David Robinson. The band originated from Boston, Massachusetts, and were signed to Elektra Records in 1977. The Cars were at the forefront in merging 1970s guitar-oriented rock with the new synth-oriented pop that was then becoming popular and which would flower in the early 1980s. Robert Palmer, music critic for The New York Times and Rolling Stone described The Cars' musical style by saying: \"they have taken some important but disparate contemporary trends\u2014punk minimalism, the labyrinthine synthesizer and guitar textures of art rock, the '50s rockabilly revival and the melodious terseness of power pop\u2014and mixed them into a personal and appealing blend. \" The band broke up in 1988, and Ocasek has always discouraged talk of a reunion since then, flatly telling one interviewer in 1997 \"I'm saying never and you can count on that. \" Easton and Hawkes, however, joined with Todd Rundgren in 2005 to form a spin-off band, The New Cars, which performs classic Cars and Rundgren songs alongside new material.
Richard McClure Scarry (June 5, 1919 &ndash; April 30, 1994) - last name pronounced /'sk\u00E6 ri/ - was an enormously popular American children's author and illustrator who published over 300 books with total sales of 300 million worldwide. Scarry was born in Boston, Massachusetts, where his parents ran a shop. The Scarry family enjoyed a comfortable life even during the time of the Great Depression. Following high school graduation, Scarry enrolled in a business college but soon dropped out, finding it not to his liking. He then studied at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, where he remained until being drafted into the U.S. Army during World War II. Following the war, Scarry worked for the art departments of various magazines before making a career breakthrough in 1949 with Little Golden Books.
McAfee, Inc. is an antivirus software and computer security company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. It markets McAfee VirusScan and related security products and services, including the IntruShield, Entercept, and Foundstone brands.
Samuel Jackson Underhill (25 August 1917 - 8 May 1942) was a naval aviator of the United States Navy who was killed in action during the Battle of the Coral Sea. Born in Jericho, New York, he received a bachelor of science from Yale University and attended Harvard Law School before enlisting in the United States Navy Reserve as a Seaman Second Class on 8 November 1940. After serving briefly at Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn, New York, Underhill was appointed an aviation cadet and was transferred on 6 February 1941 to the Naval Air Station, Jacksonville, Florida, for flight training. He subsequently underwent further training at Miami, Florida; was designated a naval aviator on 15 July; and was commissioned an ensign in the Naval Reserve on 6 August. Following advanced flight training at Norfolk, Virginia, he reported to Scouting Squadron 5 (VS-5). In May 1942, when Rear Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher's Task Force 17 steamed in the Coral Sea seeking to foil Japan's attempt to extend her influence southward, Underhill was with VS-5 on board carrier USS Yorktown (CV-5). When VS-5 raided Tulagi on the morning of 4 May he flew his Dauntless dive-bomber against a heavy anti-aircraft barrage and contributed to the sinking or damaging of eight enemy vessels. On the morning of 7 May, a coordinated attack group of 17 SBDs from VS-5 took off from Yorktown and, in clear skies with unlimited visibility, launched a dive bombing attack on the light carrier Sh\u014Dh\u014D. The American planes scored nine direct hits and two near misses that sent the hapless enemy flattop to the bottom. The next day, the two naval forces at last found one another and the stage was set for the first great naval action between aircraft carriers, the Battle of the Coral Sea. On the morning of 8 May, Yorktown launched the SBDs of VS-5, dividing the group to accomplish separate missions. One division joined in the attack on Japanese carrier Sh\u014Dkaku and, diving from 17,000 feet through broken cloud cover, dropped bombs which bent the enemy carrier's deck sufficiently to prevent the launching of her aircraft. As the bombers pulled out, Japanese fighter planes swarmed out to repel them but were fought off by the Americans. Later that morning, dive bombers of VS-5 conducted anti-torpedo plane patrol around Yorktown's formation. Pressed into service due to the lack of fighters, the slower Dauntless dive-bombers were at a disadvantage with the Japanese attackers. At 1110, eight of the American bombers intercepted and engaged a group of about 17 Japanese fighter planes, shot down six of the enemy and damaged seven more. When the fierce action was over, Ensign Underhill was numbered among those lost in the fight to protect the carrier. He was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his extraordinary heroism, and became the namesake for the destroyer escort USS Underhill (DE-682).
Roger MacBride Allen (born September 26, 1957) is a American science fiction author. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut and grew up in Washington, D.C. , graduating from Boston University in 1979. His father is American historian and author Thomas B. Allen.
Expos\u00E9 is an American vocal group. Primarily consisting of lead vocalists Ann Curless, Jeanette Jurado, and Gioia Bruno, the group achieved much of their success in the late 1980s and early 1990s, becoming the first group to have four top ten hits on the Billboard Hot 100 chart from their debut album, including their 1988 #1 hit \"Seasons Change\". The group was popular in dance clubs, mainstream Top 40 and adult contemporary charts in the United States. The group actively toured and recorded music from 1985 to 1995, then retired from recording and public performances until 2003, and currently tour today.
Josephine Hull (born January 3, reportedly 1886, but probably 1883 &ndash; died March 12, 1957) was an American actress. She had a successful 50-year career on stage while taking some of her better known roles to film.
KC and the Sunshine Band is an American musical group. Founded in 1973 in Miami, Florida, their style has included funk, R&amp;B, and disco. Their most well known songs include the disco hits \"That's the Way (I Like It)\", \"(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty\", \"I'm Your Boogie Man\", \"Keep It Comin' Love\", \"Get Down Tonight\", \"Give It Up\", and \"Please Don't Go\". They took their name from lead vocalist Harry Wayne Casey's last name (\"KC\") and the \"Sunshine Band\" from KC's home state of Florida ('The Sunshine State').
John Arnold Austin (30 August 1905 \u2013 7 December 1941) was a United States Navy sailor in World War II, who received the Navy Cross (awarded posthumously) for his actions during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Goya Foods Inc. is the manufacturer or distributor of a famous brand of foods sold in the United States and many Latin American countries, with company headquarters in Secaucus, New Jersey. While the product line remains heavily influenced by its origins in traditional \"authentic Spanish cuisine\", Goya first branched out into Puerto Rican and Cuban cuisine and in the early '90s it began to produce Mexican and South and Central American foods. It has become the largest Hispanic-owned food business and its owners, the Unanue family, are the second richest Hispanic family in the United States with a net worth of $750 million. Goya was founded in 1936 by Prudencio Unanue Ortiz (1886-1976) and Carolina Casal Unanue (1890-1984), two Spanish immigrants.
The National Anthem of Guatemala was written by Jos\u00E9 Joaqu\u00EDn Palma (1844-1911) and composed by Rafael \u00C1lvarez Ovalle. The anthem was adopted in 1896 as the winning entry in a competition held by the government. The lyrics were modified slightly in 1934 by Professor Jose Maria Bonilla Ruano, a Spanish grammar scholar. Some verses were softened in their bloody context while others were enhanced in their poetic beauty. The anthem is often erroneously \"titled\" Guatemala Feliz! from its opening lyrics, but the anthem has no official name and is only referred to in the country as Himno Nacional.
Pamela Sue Martin (born January 5, 1953), is an American actress best known for playing Nancy Drew on The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries TV series and Fallon Carrington Colby on the ABC nighttime soap opera Dynasty.
The Lemonheads are an American alternative rock band formed in 1986 by singer/guitarist Evan Dando, who has been the band's only constant member. Since forming, recording, and touring lineups of the band have also included co-founders Ben Deily and Jesse Peretz, John Strohm, Doug Trachten, Corey Loog Brennan, Byron Hoag, Ben Daughtry, Juliana Hatfield, Nic Dalton (Godstar, Sneeze, The Plunderers), Dave Ryan, Patrick \"Murph\" Murphy, Bill Gibson (Eastern Dark), Mark 'Budola' Newman, Kenny Lyon, Vess Ruhtenberg, Devon Ashley, Karl Alvarez and Bill Stevenson, P. David Hazel and various others. The Lemonheads' popularity grew in 1992 with the album It's a Shame about Ray which was produced, engineered, and mixed by The Robb Brothers (Bruce Robb, Dee, and Joe), followed by a cover of Simon and Garfunkel's \"Mrs. Robinson\", which eventually became one of the band's most successful singles. Cited as one of the most important alternative rock groups, The Lemonheads were active until 1997 and went on hiatus, but reformed with a new lineup in 2005 and released The Lemonheads in the following year. The band released its latest album, Varshons, in June 2009.
Zodiac: An Eco-Thriller (1988) is Neal Stephenson's second novel, which tells the story of an environmentalist, Sangamon Taylor, uncovering a conspiracy involving industrialist polluters in Boston Harbor. The \"Zodiac\" of the title refers to the brand of inflatable motor boats the hero uses to get around the city efficiently. His opponents attempt to frame him as an ecoterrorist. The protagonist is inspired by environmental chemist Marco Kaltofen. Taylor is a recreational user of nitrous oxide, justifying his choice of drug by the eponymous Sangamon's Principle: \"the simpler the molecule, the better the drug\". Among the plot devices in the book is an island made entirely of garbage, frequented by drugged-out and reputedly Satanic groupies of the \"two-umlaut\" heavy metal music band, P\u00F6yzen B\u00F6yzen, who are too doped-up on angel dust to realize they are probably poisoning themselves with the toxic waste that was dumped on that island.
Ampex is an American electronics company founded in 1944 by Alexander M. Poniatoff. The name AMPEX is an acronym, created by its founder, which stands for Alexander M. Poniatoff Excellence. At one time public, Ampex is currently a privately held company.
Electronic Arts, Inc. (EA) is an international developer, marketer, publisher and distributor of video games. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games, and business departements for selling games that does not install. Originally, EA was a home computing game publisher. In the late 1980s, the company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. In May 2008, the company reported net annual revenue of US$4.02 billion in fiscal year 2008. Currently, EA's most successful products are sports games published under its EA Sports label, games based on popular movie licenses such as Harry Potter and games from long-running franchises like Need for Speed, Medal of Honor, The Sims, Battlefield and the later games in the Burnout and Command &amp; Conquer series. They are also the distributors of the Rock Band and Left 4 Dead series. EA reported a $1.08 billion loss for the financial year ending March 2008. Revenue for the same period was up to $4.2 billion, a 15 percent rise from the previous year\u2019s $3.6 billion.
Alien Technology is a manufacturer of RFID technology. The company is headquartered in Morgan Hill, California, with a RFID tag manufacturing facility in Fargo, North Dakota, the Alien RFID Solutions Center, in the Dayton, Ohio area, and sales offices in the U.S. , Europe and Asia. It currently employs approximately 235 people. Alien produces (EPC) Class 1 and Class 1 Gen 2 RFID inlays, tags and readers designed for use in manufacturing lines, warehouses, distribution centers, and retail stores. Due to potential applications in a wide variety of mass-produced electronic devices, the company received funding and technical support from a number of other manufacturers, such as DuPont Displays and Philips Components. The company's stock symbol will be RFID, pending its listing on the NASDAQ. The company has established relationships with Wal-Mart, the U.S. Department of Defense, The Gillette Company, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Unisys, VeriSign, Manhattan Associates, Microsoft, The Kennedy Group, Nashua Corporation, NCR Corporation, Zebra Technologies and Paxar.
The cuisine of Puerto Rico has its roots in the cooking traditions and practices of Europe, Africa and the Amerindian Ta\u00EDnos. In the latter part of the 19th century the cuisine of Puerto Rico was greatly influenced by the United States in the ingredients used in its preparation. Puerto Rican cuisine has transcended the boundaries of the island and can be found in several countries outside the archipelago.
Against Me! is a punk rock band formed in 1997 in Gainesville, Florida. Their first full-length album, released on No Idea Records in 2002, is Reinventing Axl Rose. They have released music on Misanthrope Records, Crasshole Records, Plan It X Records, Sabot Productions, No Idea Records, and Fat Wreck Chords. In December 2005, they signed with Sire Records, and released their major label debut, New Wave, on July 10, 2007.
Edward George Power Biggs (March 29, 1906 \u2013 March 10, 1977), more familiarly known as E. Power Biggs, was a concert organist and recording artist.
BayTSP (Tracking-Security-Protection) is a copyright enforcement company based in Los Gatos, California. BayTSP was formed by CEO Mark M. Ishikawa and offers defensive services to owners of intellectual property concerned about potential unauthorized distribution through the Internet. The company also has a branch in Des Moines, Iowa. Although Ishikawa describes the DMCA as a \"flawed piece of legislation\", one of BayTSP's primary services involves searching the Internet for copyright infringement and issuing DMCA takedown notices to the Internet service provider that acts as host to the disputed content.
Charqui or charque, is a form of jerky common in South America made from dried and salted meat, usually horse, llama or beef. This curing was done so the meat could be stored for a long period. This was a very popular way to preserve meat in Peru, Uruguay and Brazil. It was industrialized in charqueadas, also named saladeros (in Uruguay). When encountered by the Spanish, the Inca Empire supplied tambo along the Inca road system with llama jerky so that travelers would have something to eat. The Inca used a freeze drying process that took advantage of both the cold dry mountain air and strong sun in their homeland. The Quechua word charqui is the origin of the word jerky. It is also spelled Charki.
Some of the richest food products of South America come from the middle of the continent, the Amazonia. In countries like Peru there is a strong influence of the Inca and their cuisine. Potatoes are frequently grown as a result of this, and also plants such as quinoa. On the Southern tip of South America lies the Pacific Ocean, which provides a large array of seafood. Many plains also are on this continent, which are rich for growing food in abundance. In the Patagonia south of Chile and Argentina, many people produce lamb and venison. King crab is typically caught at the southern end of the continent. Antarctic krill has just recently been discovered and is now considered a fine dish. Tuna and tropical fish are caught all around the continent, but Easter Island is one place where they are found in abundance. Lobster is also caught in great quantities from Juan Fern\u00E1ndez. In Brazil the most traditional dish is the feijoada. In recent times, Peruvian cuisine has been regarded by the international media and professional cooks as the \"best of Latin America.\"
Cold is an American post-grunge band, formed in 1996 in Jacksonville, Florida. With two gold-albums under their belt, Cold has sold over one million records. On November 17, 2006, Ward announced on MySpace that, after a period of uncertainty since that February, the group had decided to disband. In July 2008, it was announced that the original line-up would reunite for a tour in early 2009. A new studio album is due for release in Spring 2010.
Seagate Technology is the world's largest hard drives and storage solutions manufacturer. Founded in 1979 as Shugart Technologies, Seagate has nominal headquarters at the Ugland House in the Cayman Islands and has a large operational office in Scotts Valley, California.
Dashboard Confessional is an American alternative rock band from Boca Raton, Florida, led by singer-songwriter Chris Carrabba. The band started out as Carrabba playing intimately personal acoustic songs by himself, but eventually the outfit became a full band ensemble.
The flag of Guatemala features two colors: sky blue and white. The two sky blue stripes represent the fact that Guatemala is a land located between two oceans, the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean sea; and the sky over the country. The white color signifies peace and purity. In the center of the flag is the Guatemalan coat of arms. It includes the Resplendent Quetzal, the national bird of Guatemala that symbolizes liberty; a parchment scroll bearing the date of Central America's independence from Spain, 15 September 1821; crossed rifles, indicating Guatemala's willingness to defend itself by force if need be; a bay laurel crown, the symbol for victory; and crossed swords, representing honor. More information The Central American flag was used in Guatemala until 1851, when a pro-Spanish faction took over and added the Spanish colors of red and yellow to the flag. The original colors were restored on August 17, 1871, but as vertical (rather than horizontal) stripes and with a new coat of arms. The Resplendent Quetzal previously appeared in the 1830s in the flag of Los Altos, the sixth state in the Federal Republic.
Crossing Jordan is an American television crime/drama series that aired on NBC from September 24, 2001 to May 16, 2007. It stars Jill Hennessy as the crime-solving medical examiner, Jordan Cavanaugh. The show uses an ensemble cast approach featuring a group of Jordan's co-workers, members of the Boston Medical Examiner's Office and police detectives assigned to the various cases. It was created by Tim Kring. The title refers to both the name of the main character and the biblical metaphor of the ancient Hebrews crossing the Jordan River, commonly used in spiritual songs to represent death and passage to the afterlife. During the first two seasons, the series used a gimmick whereby Jordan and her retired police detective father role-play the events leading up to that week's murder, which were depicted by showing Jordan playing the part of the victim or suspect in a recreation of the scene, the idea being that such role-playing would help Jordan to figure out the circumstances of the crime, like a criminal profiler. This element of the series was mostly dropped when Howard left the series as a regular; however, there were instances of Jordan role-playing with other characters, such as Woody and Macy. After 6 seasons and 117 episodes, on May 14, 2007, the series was canceled by NBC.
Seiji Ozawa (\u5C0F\u6FA4 \u5F81\u723E, Ozawa Seiji, born September 1, 1935) is a Japanese conductor, particularly noted for his interpretations of large-scale late Romantic works. He is most known for his work as music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna State Opera.
Poison the Well is a experimental post-hardcore band from Miami/Ft. Lauderdale, Florida currently signed to Ferret Music. Guitarist Ryan Primack and drummer Chris Hornbrook are the only remaining members of the band who have been involved since their inception, although vocalist Jeffrey Moreira has been the singer on all five full length albums. These three are considered the core members of the band.
Mam is a Mayan language with almost 480,000 speakers as of 2002, spoken in the Guatemalan departments of Quetzaltenango, Huehuetenango and San Marcos, mostly in the municipalities of San Miguel Sig\u00FCil\u00E1, Concepci\u00F3n Chiquirichapa, G\u00E9nova, El Palmar, San Juan Ostuncalco, Cajol\u00E1, San Mart\u00EDn Sacatep\u00E9quez, Colomba, Flores Costa Cuca, Huit\u00E1n, Palestina de Los Altos, Cabric\u00E1n, San Ildefonso, Ixtahuac\u00E1n, Cuilco, Tectit\u00E1n, San Pedro Necta, San Sebasti\u00E1n Huehuetenango, Malacatancito, Todos Santos Cuchumat\u00E1n, San Rafael Petzal, Colotenango, Santa B\u00E1rbara, San Juan Atit\u00E1n, Aguacat\u00E1n, San Gaspar Ixchil, La Libertad, La Democracia, Huehuetenango, Chiantla, Santiago Chimaltenango, San Juan Ixcoy, San Antonio Sacatep\u00E9quez, San Lorenzo, Tejutla, San Rafael Pie de La Cuesta, San Pedro Sacatep\u00E9quez, La Reforma, El Quetzal, Sibinal, San Jos\u00E9 Ojetenam, Pajapita, San Cristobal Cucho, Nuevo Progreso, San Marcos, Concepci\u00F3n Tutuapa, San Pablo, Ixchiguan, San Miguel Ixtahuac\u00E1n, Tacan\u00E1, Tajumulco, Catarina, Esquipulas Palo Gordo, Malacat\u00E1n, R\u00EDo Blanco and Comitancillo. Linguists distinguish between three major divisions of the language, based somewhat on the geographical area where they are spoken: Northern Mam in Huehuetenango, Southern Mam in Quetzaltenango and Central Mam in San Marcos. Because communities are fairly self-contained (Anthropologist Eric Wolf called them \"closed corporate communities), the language can vary widely from village to village, even though the villages may be separated by just a few miles. Nonetheless, all native speakers of the Mam language are typically able to understand one another, though perhaps with some difficulty. Mam is closely related to the Tektitek language, and the two languages together form the Mamean sub-branch, which together with the Ixilean languages, Awakatek and Ixil, form the Greater-Mamean sub-branch, which again, together with the Greater-Quichean languages, ten Mayan languages, including K'iche', form the branch Quichean-Mamean.
Theodore Dwight Weld (November 23, 1803 \u2013 February 3, 1895), was one of the leading architects of the American abolitionist movement during its formative years, from 1830 through 1844. Weld played a role as writer, editor, speaker, and organizer. He is best known for his co-authorship of the authoritative compendium, American Slavery As It Is: Testimony of a Thousand Witnesses, published in 1839. Harriet Beecher Stowe partly based Uncle Tom\u2019s Cabin on Weld's text and it is regarded as second only to that work in its influence on the antislavery movement. Weld remained dedicated to the abolitionist movement until slavery was ended by the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1865.
Simeon Gannett Reed (April 23, 1830&ndash;1895) was an American businessman and entrepreneur in Oregon. A native of Massachusetts, he made a fortune primarily in the transportation sector in association with William S. Ladd. Reed is the namesake for Reedville, Oregon, and Reed College in Portland, Oregon
The Vesper George School of Art closed its doors in 1983. For many years the school contributed to the Boston, Massachusetts art community, training many talented artists, many of whom are still active in both commercial art and fine arts. In addition to training artists, it served to allow many artists to maintain a living as instructors while they were building their careers.
Alice Cary (April 26, 1820 \u2013 February 12, 1871) was an American poet, and the sister of fellow poet Phoebe Cary (1824\u20131871).
Further Seems Forever was an American rock band formed in 1998 in Pompano Beach, Florida and disbanded in 2006. Over the course of their career the band experienced several lineup changes, resulting in a different lead vocalist performing on each of their three studio albums. Original singer Chris Carrabba recorded with the band for their first album The Moon is Down in 2001 before leaving to start Dashboard Confessional. He was replaced by Jason Gleason, formerly of Affinity, who performed on the 2003 album How to Start a Fire. Gleason left the band in 2004 due to interpersonal tensions and was replaced by former Sense Field vocalist Jon Bunch for the band's final studio album Hide Nothing. None of the three vocalists can be said to have recorded more than one full album with the band, as posthumous compilation albums included contributions from multiple singers. The band's music is often classfied as indie rock and is frequently associated with the emo genre. They have also been classified as a Christian rock act due to the individual band members' religious beliefs, frequent themes of Christianity in their lyrics, their association with the predominantly Christian Tooth &amp; Nail Records label, and their performances at Christian-themed festivals such as Cornerstone. Despite these associations, the group often claimed not to be an explicitly Christian band, but rather a rock band with Christian members.
Less Than Jake is an American ska punk band from Gainesville, Florida. Originally formed in 1992 as a power pop trio, the band evolved into a hybrid of ska punk. Less Than Jake have also been cited as showing influences from a wide variety of genres including post-grunge, alternative rock, third wave ska, punk pop and punk revival. To date, the group has released eight full-length studio albums and a number of singles and compilations. The current lineup comprises guitarist/vocalist Chris Demakes, bassist/vocalist Roger Manganelli, drummer/lyricist Vinnie Fiorello, trombonist Buddy Schaub and saxophonist Peter \"JR\" Wasilewski. On June 24, 2008 the band released their latest studio album, GNV FLA, on their own label Sleep It Off Records.
The Tanglewood Festival Chorus is a chorus which performs with the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Boston Pops in major choral works. The Tanglewood Festival Chorus (TFC) was organized in the spring of 1970, when conductor John Oliver became director of vocal and choral activities at the Tanglewood Music Center, the summer home of the BSO. Originally formed for performances at the BSO's summer home at the behest of the BSO's conductor designate Seiji Ozawa, the Tanglewood Festival Chorus is the official chorus of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Boston Pops Orchestra year-round, performing in Boston, New York and Tanglewood.
Veritas Software Corp. was an international software company that was founded in 1983 as Tolerant Systems, renamed Veritas Software Corp. in 1989, and merged with Symantec in 2005. It was headquartered in Mountain View, California. The company specialized in storage management software including the first commercial journaling file system, VxFS, VxVM, VCS, the personal/small office backup software Backup Exec and the popular enterprise backup software NetBackup. Veritas was listed on the S&amp;P 500 and the NASDAQ-100 under the VRTS ticker symbol.
Martin Thomas \"Marty\" Meehan (born December 30, 1956) is an American attorney and politician from the state of Massachusetts. He is the current Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts, Lowell, a position he assumed on July 1, 2007. A Democrat, Meehan served in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2007 as the representative for Massachusetts's 5th congressional district.
Marine One is the call sign of any United States Marine Corps aircraft carrying the President of the United States. It usually denotes a helicopter operated by the HMX-1 \"Nighthawks\" squadron, either the large VH-3D or the newer, smaller VH-60N \"WhiteHawk\". Both were due to be replaced by the VH-71 Kestrel, a derivative of the AgustaWestland EH101 but funding for the project was canceled in April 2009. A Marine Corps aircraft carrying the Vice President has the call sign Marine Two. Marine Corps aircraft carrying the family of the President adds the designator F to have its callsign become Marine One Foxtrot. Those carrying the family of the Vice President use the callsign Marine Two Foxtrot.
The music of Guatemala is diverse. Guatemala's national instrument is the marimba, an idiophone from the family of the xylophones, which is played all over the country, even in the remotest corners. Towns also have wind and percussion bands -week processions, as well as on other occasions. The Garifuna people of Afro-Caribbean descent, who are spread thinly on the northeastern Caribbean coast, have their own distinct varieties of popular and folk music. Cumbia, from the Colombian variety, is also very popular especially among the lower classes. Guatemala also has an almost five-century-old tradition of art music, spanning from the first liturgical chant and polyphony introduced in 1524 to contemporary art music. Much of the music composed in Guatemala from the 16th century to the 19th century has only recently been unearthed by scholars and is being revived by performers.
Blake Babies was an alternative rock band formed in 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts. The three primary members were John Strohm, Freda Love (born Freda Boner), and Juliana Hatfield, with Evan Dando, Andrew Mayer, Seth White, Anthony DeLuca (who played drums in place of Freda for the group's last European tour in early 1992), and Mike Leahy each also performing as members of the band at various times during its history. The name \"Blake Babies\" was provided by the poet Allen Ginsberg; following a reading at Harvard University, the group (which had just begun to play together) raised their hands and asked him to name their band. Ginsberg's suggestion was likely inspired by the first half of William Blake\u2019s Songs of Innocence and Experience. The name proved quite apt in regard to what was perhaps the group's most distinctive aspect: the juxtaposition of Hatfield's pure, somewhat thin and childlike (yet forceful) vocal quality with often surprisingly acerbic lyrics. Musically, the Blake Babies' songs are highly melodic, with instruments supporting rather than covering vocals; in this way, their music falls somewhere between pop and rock and could be described as \"power pop\". Songs are generally upbeat and the group's work features both female (Hatfield) and male (Strohm) vocals, often together in harmony or in octaves. Strohm's intricate guitar picking style and preference for a \"clean\" (as opposed to distorted) guitar tone owes much to R.E.M. 's Peter Buck, although Neil Young and punk rock are other important influences. Close listening shows that Hatfield's bass playing is particularly expressive, using octaves and sliding tones to create melodies as well as anchoring bass lines. Songs are carefully constructed, with sophisticated harmonic and dynamic shifts showing the results of the band members' training at the Berklee School of Music. The Blake Babies toured the United States and Europe, eventually achieving a moderate amount of notice, particularly among listeners of college age who were appreciative of the group's \"intelligent\" brand of rock music. The band's music (released on the independent North Carolina-based record label Mammoth Records) received little airplay on commercial radio, instead being played primarily on college radio stations. The group formally disbanded in 1991 but reunited briefly in late 1999, performing a few shows in 1999 and 2000 and embarking on one last U.S. tour in 2001. Following the band's breakup, Hatfield went on to fame as a solo artist, and Strohm and Love continued to perform together in the Indiana-based group Antenna. Hatfield and Love have since worked together in the band Some Girls along with fellow musician Heidi Gluck.
Aberdeen was an American rock band, who played twee pop.
Boston Public isan American television series created by David E. Kelley and broadcast on Fox. It centered on Winslow High School, a fictional public high school located in Boston, Massachusetts. The show was named for the real public school district in which it takes place. It featured a large ensemble cast and focused on the work and private lives of the various teachers, students, and administrators at the school and their various personalities. It aired from October 2000 to January 2004. Its slogan, as it was depicted on the show's website at the time, was \"Every day is a fight. For respect. For dignity. For sanity.\"
Stephen Lawrence Schwartz (born March 6, 1948) is an American musical theater lyricist and composer. In a career already spanning over four decades, Schwartz has written such hit musicals as Godspell (1971), Pippin (1972) and Wicked (2003). He has also contributed lyrics for a number of successful films, including Pocahontas (1995), The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996), The Prince of Egypt (1998; music and lyrics) and Enchanted (2007). Schwartz has won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics, three Grammy Awards, and three Academy Awards and has been nominated for six Tony Awards.
Lieutenant William T. Fitzsimons (1889&mdash;1917) was a United States Army officer in World War I, and is considered the first American officer killed in the war. Fitzsimons was killed in a German air raid on September 4, 1917 along with Pvt. Oscar Tugo, Pvt. Rudolph Rubino and Pvt. Leslie Woods, when bombs fell on Base Hospital No. 5 near Dannes-Camiers in Pas-de-Calais, France. In 1920, Army Hospital 21 in Aurora, Colorado was officially renamed the Fitzsimons Army Hospital in his honor.
JDSU is a company that designs and manufactures products for optical communications products, communications test and measurement equipment, lasers, optical solutions for authentication and decorative applications, and other custom optics. It is headquartered in Milpitas, California, USA. It was formerly known as JDS Uniphase, prior to a rebranding of its corporate image on September 14, 2005. The legal entity is now called JDS Uniphase Corporation, whereas elsewhere the company always refers to itself as JDSU.
WGBH is a non-commercial television and radio broadcast service located in Boston, Massachusetts. WGBH is a member station of the Public Broadcasting Service, and has produced many programs for the network, including nearly a third of PBS's national primetime programming. Programs produced for PBS include NOVA, Frontline, American Experience, The Victory Garden and This Old House. WGBH is also well-known for having co-produced numerous period dramas and has collaborated for years with British production companies. WGBH operates several radio and television stations in Boston and the surrounding area, including sister stations WGBX-TV (Boston) and WGBY (Springfield), and the radio stations WGBH, WCAI, WZAI, WNAN, and WCRB. WGBH is also considered a leader in accessible media services for people who are deaf, hard-of-hearing, blind, or visually impaired. WGBH invented television closed captioning, audio description, and created the Rear Window Captioning System for films; they provide these access services to commercial and public TV producers, and to home video, Web sites, and movie theaters nationwide.
Berklee College of Music, founded in 1945, is a private, degree-granting four year college in Boston, Massachusetts. Berklee offers an accredited four-year baccalaureate degree or diploma, with majors in composition, contemporary writing &amp; production, film scoring, jazz composition, music business/management, music education, music production and engineering, electronic production and design, music therapy, performance, professional music, and songwriting.
Simics is a full-system simulator used to run unchanged production binaries of the target hardware at high-performance speeds. Simics was originally developed by the Swedish Institute of Computer Science (SICS), and then spun off to Virtutech for commercial development in 1998. Simics can simulate systems such as Alpha, x86-64, IA-64, ARM, MIPS (32- and 64-bit), MSP430, PowerPC (32- and 64-bit), POWER, SPARC-V8 and V9, and x86 CPUs. Many operating systems have been run on various varieties of the simulated hardware, including MS-DOS, Windows, VxWorks, OSE, Solaris, FreeBSD, Linux, QNX, and RTEMS. The NetBSD AMD64 port was initially developed using Simics before the public release of the chip . The purpose of simulation in Simics is often to develop software for a particular type of embedded hardware, using Simics as a virtual platform. Simics 3.0, released in the Fall of 2005, included the following new technologies: Device Modeling Language (DML) Device Modeling Language Compiler (DMLC) Hindsight, claimed by Virtutech to be the world\u2019s first general-purpose development tool for reversible execution The addition of DML offers a faster way to create and configure non-standard devices such as ASICs and FPGAs. DML largely automates the routine task of creating code to manage the hundreds and often thousands of registers in a modern system. The DMLC DML compiler translates DML into high-performance device models that enable Simics to simulate complete electronic systems at a performance measured in speeds of up to billions of simulated instructions per second. DML enables developers to start programming earlier, saving time and capital early in the product life-cycle. Virtutech has also integrated Simics 3.0 into the Eclipse framework. Simics provides full system simulation, including reverse debugging and execution with Hindsight, to the users that are standardizing on Eclipse as their integrated development environment (IDE). Simics is currently available for Microsoft Windows and Linux platforms. Most of its code runs in Python and Eclipse.
The Opera Company of Boston was an American opera company located in Boston, Massachusetts that was active during the late 1950s through the early 1990s. The company was founded by American conductor Sarah Caldwell in 1958 under the name Boston Opera Group. At one time, the touring arm of the company was called Opera New England. Caldwell served as both director and conductor for most of the company's productions throughout its more than three decade long history. Under her leadership, the company presented a repertoire of more than 75 operas that came from a wide array of musical periods and styles, including a large number of works previously unheard in the United States, and a significant amount of contemporary operas. This commitment to innovative repertoire as well as Caldwell's brilliant stage direction garnered the company international acclaim and earned it a place among the world's leading opera companies during the 1970s and 1980s. After 32 consecutive opera seasons, the company was forced to close due to financial difficulties in 1990.
Edward \"Ned\" Needles Hallowell (November 3, 1836&ndash;July 26, 1871) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War, commanding the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry following the death of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw at the Second Battle of Fort Wagner in 1863. He had two children, Charlott and Emily Hallowell, with his wife, Charlotte Bartlett Wilhelmina Swett.
Margaret Gallagher Srivastav (born September 14, 1960), better known by her working name Maggie Gallagher, is an American writer and commentator. She has written a syndicated column for Universal Press Syndicate since 1995, and has published five books. Gallagher serves as president of the Institute for Marriage and Public Policy and the National Organization for Marriage.
Scott Richard Grimes, or \"Grimey\" as he likes to be called, (born July 9, 1971) is an American actor, voice artist and musician. Some of his most prominent roles are his appearances in ER as Dr. Archie Morris, Party of Five as Will McCorkle, Band of Brothers as Technical Sergeant Donald Malarkey, and the popular animated sitcom American Dad! voicing Steve Smith.
Latin American Cuisine is a phrase that refers to typical foods, beverages, and cooking styles common to many of the countries and cultures in Latin America. Latin America is a very diverse area of land that holds various cuisines that vary from nation to nation. Some items typical of Latin American cuisine include maize-based dishes and various salsas and other condiments. These spices are generally what give the Latin American cuisines a distinct flavor; yet, each country of Latin America tends to use a different spice and those that share spices tend to use them at different quantities. Thus, this leads for a variety across the land. Latin American beverages are just as distinct as their foods. Some of the beverages can even date back to the times of the Native Americans. Some popular beverages include mate, pisco, horchata, chicha, atole, cacao and aguas frescas. Desserts in Latin America are generally very sweet in taste. They include dulce de leche, alfajor, Rice pudding, tres leches cake, Teja and flan.
Josiah Gardner Abbott (November 1, 1814 \u2013 June 2, 1891) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts General Court and as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. Abbott was born in Chelmsford, Middlesex County, Massachusetts, and attended the Chelmsford Academy in Concord. He graduated from Harvard University in 1832 with an LL.D. degree, and then attended Williams College in Williamstown. Following his schooling, Abbott worked as a teacher and a lawyer, then became a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1836 and a member of the Massachusetts State Senate from 1841-1842. He was an aide to Governor Marcus Morton in 1843. From 1850 to 1855 he was a master in chancery. He also served as a member of the Massachusetts state constitutional convention, justice of the superior court for Suffolk County, an overseer of Harvard University, and several times was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate for United States Senator. In 1860, Abbott declined an appointment to the United States Supreme Court, and in 1861 declined the Democratic nomination for state attorney general. He finally was victorious as a Democratic candidate for the United States House of Representatives, and served from July 28, 1876 to March 3, 1877. He was a member of the Electoral Commission created by the act of Congress approved January 29, 1877, to decide the presidential election of 1876. Upon leaving the Congress, he returned to the practice of law. He died in Wellesley Hills, and was interred in St. Mary's Church Cemetery, in nearby Newton Lower Falls, Massachusetts.
Atheist is a technical death metal band from Florida, founded in 1984, whose music combined metal riffs with subtle latin music arrangements and jazz fusion. Their second album, Unquestionable Presence, released in 1991, has been regarded by some critics as one of the most influential technical death metal albums of all time.
St. Elsewhere is an American medical drama that originally ran on NBC from October 26, 1982 to May 25, 1988. The series is set at St. Eligius, a decaying urban teaching hospital in Boston's South End neighborhood. The hospital's nickname, \"St. Elsewhere\", is a slang term used both in the medical industry to refer to poor hospitals that serve patients not wanted by more prestigious institutions, and in medical academia to refer to non-teaching hospitals in general. In the pilot episode, Dr. Mark Craig informs his colleagues that the local Boston media have bestowed the derogatory nickname upon St. Eligius since they perceive the hospital as \"a dumping ground, a place you wouldn't want to send your mother-in-law. \" In fact, the hospital is so poorly thought of that its shrine to St. Eligius is commonly defiled, and referred to by Dr. Fiscus as \"the patron saint of longshoremen and bowlers. \" As a medical drama, St. Elsewhere dealt with serious issues of life and death, though episodes also included a substantial amount of black comedy. Although the series never ranked higher than 49th place in the yearly Nielsen ratings, it maintained a large enough audience to last six seasons and 137 episodes, and the show's famously provocative ending is frequently mentioned in discussions about television series finales. It was produced by MTM Enterprises, which found success with Hill Street Blues around the same time. The shows were often compared to each other for their ensemble casts and serial storylines. The original ad for the series quoted a critic that called the series \"Hill Street Blues in a Hospital. \" The series was filmed at 20th Century Fox Studios, which wound up acquiring the rights to the series years later.
eSim Games, LLC is a small U.S. software developer located in Sunnyvale, California. eSim Games has specialized in the creation of computer games of contemporary combined arms tactics at company level. Their primary products are the various versions of the combat simulation Steel Beasts.
Tenleytown-AU is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. It is the last station wholly within the District of Columbia, before the Red Line enters Montgomery County, Maryland. As its name indicates, Tenleytown-AU serves the neighborhood of Tenleytown, and American University, part of which is situated at Tenley Circle and whose main campus is located roughly one mile (1.67 km) south of the actual station. The University operates a shuttle bus between main campus, the Washington College of Law, and the station. The station is located on the 4500 block of Wisconsin Avenue at Albemarle Street, Northwest, with exits on either side of Wisconsin Avenue. It is the last station under Wisconsin Avenue, before the tracks turn and head under Yuma Street to Connecticut Avenue. Service began on August 25, 1984, when the Red Line inaugurated service to Grosvenor.
Metro Center is the central hub station of the Washington Metro rapid transit system in Washington, D.C. Metro Center was one of the original Metro stations, and has been in service since March 27, 1976. Metro Center is on the Blue, Orange, and Red Lines, and is a transfer station between the Red Line and the already-joined Blue and Orange Lines. It is also planned to be on the Silver Line route, which is scheduled to start operations in 2013. Metro Center is located in downtown Washington, under an area roughly extending east\u2013west from 11th to 13th Streets Northwest, and north\u2013south from G to H Streets Northwest. Its entrances are on G Street at 11th, 12th, and 13th Streets, and at the corner of 12th and F Streets. The station's only street elevator is on the west side of 12th Street north of G Street. It is the second busiest station in the Metrorail system after Union Station, averaging 30,500 passengers per weekday as of May 2006. The mezzanine (upper) level of the station contains side platforms for Red Line trains traveling towards Glenmont and towards Shady Grove. Orange Line and Blue Lines trains traveling in both directions share a center platform on the station's lower level. A Metro sales office is located on the mezzanine level of the station on the platform for Glenmont-bound Red Line trains, near the 12th and F Street entrance. The Grand Hyatt Washington is connected to Metro Center, as is downtown's only remaining department store, Macy's. During the mid-20th century, the area was the commercial heart of Washington, housing many department stores, theaters, offices, restaurants, and entertainment venues. Due to a combination of the racial disturbances associated with the 1968 riots, the opening of new suburban malls, and concentration of new commercial building near K Street\u2013Farragut Square, the Metro Center area declined. It later successfully revived. The Shops at National Place is an adjacent two-level dining/shopping complex.
Allan Nevins (May 20, 1890 - March 5, 1971) was an American historian and journalist, renowned for his extensive work on the history of the Civil War and his biographies of such figures as President Grover Cleveland, Hamilton Fish, Henry Ford, and John D. Rockefeller.
Letters to Cleo is an alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts perhaps best known for the 1993 single \"Here &amp; Now\" from their full-length debut album Aurora Gory Alice. The band was made up of members Michael Eisenstein, Kay Hanley, Stacy Jones, Greg McKenna, Scott Riebling, and later, Tom Polce. The band arose from Boston on the popularity of their 1993 album Aurora Gory Alice, which featured the single \"Here &amp; Now\". The group disbanded in 2000, with Hanley moving onto a solo career and such projects as the Disney Channel's My Friend Tigger and Pooh and voicing Josie in the 2001 film Josie and the Pussycats. Following their disbandment in 2000, they reunited for a small tour in 2008.
Farragut North is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Red Line. Farragut North serves downtown Washington and is located just north of Farragut Square. It lies at the heart of the business district on Connecticut Avenue, with two entrances at L Street and one at K Street. Adjacent to the L Street entrance was a food court which has its own stairway to the surface; the food court closed in 2007 was later replaced with a Results Gym location. It is the third-busiest station in the Metrorail system, averaging 27,200 passengers per weekday as of May 3, 2006. It is also one of the most shallow, with a lower-than-usual ceiling. The low, flat ceiling at the west end was built to accommodate a proposed freeway ramp to Interstate 66, which was never built. Service began on March 27, 1976. Farragut North station features unique architecture throughout the system. Its mezzanine stretches across more of the platform and is longer than most, with an open depression looking onto the platform in the middle. There are two elevated \"aisles\" that serve different escalators and exits. Special buttress-like structures support these stretches of the mezzanine. As part of the long-term capital improvement plan dated September 12, 2002, Metro has proposed building an underground pedestrian tunnel connecting this station with Farragut West. The station is named for the adjacent Farragut Square, which takes its name from Admiral David Farragut, the senior officer of the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War. On February 12, 2010 at approximately 10:13 a.m. a train derailed in the pocket track immediately north of this station when the front car left the tracks. Of the nearly 400 passengers onboard, one person was transported to the hospital. All of the passengers were evacuated without incident. The cause of the derailment is still under investigation.
Woodley Park\u2013Zoo/Adams Morgan is a station on the Red Line of the Washington Metro. Located at 24th Street and Connecticut Avenue Northwest, it serves the neighborhoods of Woodley Park and Adams Morgan in Northwest Washington. Service began on December 5, 1981 with the extension of the Red Line to Van Ness\u2013UDC. Originally known as simply \"Zoological Park\", in 1979 its name was changed to \"Woodley Park\u2013Zoo\" because neighbors believed that the name was misleading, as the Smithsonian National Zoological Park (commonly known as the National Zoo) is located .5-mile (0.80 km) from the station. The Adams Morgan neighborhood lies at the other end of the nearby Duke Ellington Bridge, and \"Adams Morgan\" was added to the station name in 1999 to reflect this. At 160 feet deep, it is the second deepest station in the system. It was the first in the system to deviate from the waffle-like coffers found at most underground stations in downtown Washington, instead using a simpler four-coffer arch. The advantage of the four-coffer arch was that it was pre-cast in Winchester, Virginia, and then hauled underground and installed on-site, while the waffle-style arches used in other stations had to be cast in place. This was done as a cost-saving measure.
Van Ness-UDC is a Washington Metro station on the Red Line in Northwest Washington, D.C.. Opened on December 5, 1981, Van Ness-UDC station serves the neighborhoods of North Cleveland Park and Forest Hills. Along with North Cleveland Park and Forest Hills, the station is also nearest to the University of the District of Columbia, whose name lends the -UDC suffix. Howard University School of Law and the Edmund Burke School are also located near Van Ness-UDC. Intelsat, a major satellite communications company, has its headquarters near Van Ness-UDC station. Other attractions are easily reachable from the station because of its position at the intersection of Veazey St and Connecticut Avenue. When the station originally opened in 1981, it was the terminus of the Red Line. Not until 1984 did the Red Line extend farther northwards, at that time it terminated at Grosvenor-Strathmore, which was then known simply as Grosvenor. Architecturally, Van Ness-UDC is similar to other stations along the underground stretch of the Red Line between Woodley Park-Zoo/Adams Morgan and Medical Center. Because of the high cost of the waffle design and the relative large depth of these stations, pre-fabricated concrete segments were shipped to the construction site and placed together to form the structure of the station. This resulted in what is now known as the \"Arch I\" station design of the Washington Metro. Van Ness-UDC station is the final station in the tunnel beneath Connecticut Avenue, one of Washington's busiest thoroughfares. After trains leave the station, the tunnel shifts westwards underneath Yuma St and at the next station, Tenleytown-AU, the tunnel then parallels the route of Wisconsin Avenue into Maryland.
Judiciary Square is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. Judiciary Square is located in Northwest, with entrances at 4th and D Street and 5th and F Street. It serves the many courthouses and municipal buildings in the area. The 5th and F Street entrance is in the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, as the monument is built around the escalator and elevators. The 4th and D Street entrance is closed on weekends. Service began on March 27, 1976. This station is also the birthplace of the Metro, as the initial groundbreaking was held here on December 9, 1969. It is also near the nerve center of the system, as Metro headquarters, in the Jackson Graham Building, is nearby.
Union Station is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. The station is located in Northeast of the city under the western end of Union Station, the main train station for Washington, at which connections can be made to Amtrak intercity trains as well as the Virginia Railway Express and MARC regional rail trains to the suburbs. It features an island platform with two exits, one mid-platform leading into the main part of the station and Massachusetts Avenue and the other at the northern end emptying onto 1st Street NE and to the main boarding concourse. The station was originally named \"Union Station-Visitor Center\" but when the National Visitor Center there failed, it was renamed Union Station. In fact, one or two pylons still read \"Union Station-Visitor Center,\" and a number of older stations still display this name on signage. Like the other original stations, Union Station sports coffered vaults of concrete in its ceiling. Service began on March 27, 1976 with the opening of the Red Line. It is the busiest station in the Metrorail system, averaging 33,000 passengers per weekday as of May 3, 2006.
New York Ave\u2013Florida Ave\u2013Gallaudet U is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. The station serves Gallaudet University and is located near the intersection of New York Avenue and Florida Avenue in Northeast Washington. It is the first in-fill station (a station built on an existing line) in the system. The station opened for service on November 20, 2004. The station is the first in the Metrorail system to be built with a mix of public and private funds. According to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), the project was budgeted at $90 million. The District of Columbia contributed $40 million, the federal government contributed $25 million, and a private partnership provided the remaining $25 million. The final cost was $103.7 million. While still under construction in early 2004, the station name was changed from \"New York Ave\" to \"New York Ave\u2013Florida Ave\u2013Gallaudet U\". The station design differs from that of previous Metro stations, with the canopy constructed of steel rather than concrete. The station is indicative of the lessons learned by Metro over its years of operation. For example, the station contains two elevators here, instead of the one found at older stations; if one breaks down, service is provided to the station without having to offer shuttle service from another station.
Rhode Island Ave-Brentwood is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. The station is located in Northeast Washington, on an elevated platform crossing Rhode Island Avenue, with its entrance near 5th Street. Service began on March 27, 1976 as one of the first stations in the system. Among the entire Metro system, Rhode Island Ave-Brentwood has the highest elevation for any station. There are many commercial destinations near the station, including two supermarkets and a Home Depot. The United States Postal Service also has a large mail sorting facility that is visible from the station and is notable for being contaminated during the 2001 anthrax attacks. From the time the station opened in 1976 until late 2004, the station was known simply as Rhode Island Avenue. At that time, the station was renamed Rhode Island Avenue-Brentwood in recognition of the Brentwood neighborhood in which the station is located.
Brookland-CUA is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Red Line. It is located in Northeast at Monroe &amp; 9th Street near Michigan Avenue, and serves the Brookland neighborhood of Northeast Washington and The Catholic University of America. Service began on February 3, 1978. Originally simply known as \"Brookland,\" in 1979 its name was changed to \"Brookland\u2013CUA\" due to the proximity of The Catholic University of America to the station. An unusual feature of this station is that the platform is slightly curved, requiring mirrors to be placed on the inbound side of the platform, to aid train operators in making sure the area is clear before closing the doors.
Fort Totten is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green, Yellow (Off-Peak), and Red Lines; it is a transfer station between the Green/Yellow Lines and the Red. It is also the last Green Line station in the District of Columbia going northeast. Fort Totten is located in the middle of Fort Totten Park in Northeast and is accessed via Galloway Street. The station is considered to be in the neighborhood of Fort Totten, and is a short distance from the neighborhoods of Manor Park and Riggs Park. Service began on the Red Line (upper) platform on February 6, 1978, and on the Green Line (lower) platform on December 11, 1993. The name comes from a Civil War-era fortification which itself was named after General Joseph Gilbert Totten, the Chief Engineer of the antebellum US Army. The lower-level platform for the Green Line (and the Yellow Line during off-peak times) is unique in that it is built into a hillside, part underground in a rock tunnel, and part at ground level in an open cut. A single-track connection east of the station allows trains to be moved between the Red and Green Lines, and was once used for the Green Line Commuter Shortcut service to Farragut North via the Red Line tracks, before the mid-city segment of the Green Line was completed in September 1999. Beginning on December 31, 2006 as part of an 18-month trial, Metro extended Yellow Line service to Fort Totten station during non-rush hours and weekends. In a press release, Councilmember Jim Graham said that the service change would support the \"development and urban lifestyle\" of the neighborhoods between the Fort Totten and Mount Vernon Square stations. On June 22, 2009, two southbound Metro trains on the Red Line collided between the Takoma and Fort Totten stations, killing 9 and injuring 80, the deadliest accident in the system's history.
Samuel Rhoads (1711 \u2013 April 7, 1784) was a leading citizen of 18th century Philadelphia. He designed Pennsylvania Hospital and was a master of the Carpenters' Company of Philadelphia. Rhoads's political career began in 1741, when he was elected to the Common Council of Philadelphia. In 1761 he was elected to the Pennsylvania Assembly, where he served two terms. Rhoads shared the revolutionary sentiment spreading through the city in the 1770s and was a delegate to the First Continental Congress. He was elected Mayor of Philadelphia in 1774. An associate and friend of Benjamin Franklin, Rhoads played a role in many of the important institutions of colonial Philadelphia. He was an early Director of the Library Company of Philadelphia, a founding Director of the Contributionship for the Insurance of Houses from Loss by Fire, and a Vice-President of the American Philosophical Society. Rhoads was the great-grandfather of American Civil War general William B. Franklin.
Fairchild Camera and Instrument Corporation was a company founded by Sherman Fairchild. It was based on the East Coast of the United States, and provided research and development for flash photography equipment. The technology was primarily used for DOD spy satellites. The firm was known for its manufacture of semiconductors. Fairchild Camera and Instrument was incorporated in Delaware in 1927 as the Fairchild Aviation Corporation, which comprised seven aircraft businesses that were the outgrowth of Fairchild Aerial Camera Corporation, which was incorporated in 1920. The merger made Fairchild Aviation the second-largest manufacturer of commercial airplanes and the fourth-largest aviation organization in the United States. Fairchild Aerial Camera manufactured aerial cameras for military and commercial aerial mapping that were used in Russia, Poland, and throughout South America. They were the official cameras of the United States Army and Navy Air Services. In 1944 Fairchild changed the company name from Fairchild Aviation to Fairchild Camera and Instrument Company. Its product portfolio expanded during World War II from aerial photography equipment to include machine gun cameras, x-ray cameras, radar cameras, gun synchronizers, and radio compasses. After the war, military sales still represented a large portion of Fairchild's revenue. The company won a U.S. Air Force contract for the C-82 Packet cargo and troop-carrying airplanes and spare parts. The company then began to develop products for the commercial sector such as manufacturing x-ray equipment. In 1948, the company introduced the Fairchild Lithotype for the newspaper and publishing industry. It was described as \u201Ca revolutionary machine that types standard printers' type in a great variety of faces and sizes. \u201D During the 1950s, Fairchild invested heavily in research and development, and introduced new products that ranged from devices combining radar and photography for training pilots to automatic corrected color engraving machines. In 1958 it developed high-speed processing equipment for motion pictures that could develop 500 feet of film almost instantly. In 1957, the company was approached by members of the Traitorous Eight to rescue the group from the authoritarian regime of William Shockley. Sherman Fairchild agreed to provide the venture capital for Fairchild Semiconductor, from which would spawn dozens of semiconductors and Silicon Valley. In 1960 Fairchild merged with Allen B. DuMont Laboratories and acquired a large interest in Societ\u00E0 Generale Semiconduttori, an Italian semiconductor producer. Throughout the 1960s and 1970s it acquired several companies in various industries: printing, sensors and magnetic heads, precision optical and photographic equipment, water quality monitoring equipment, and precision molding equipment. Its corporate headquarters were in Syosset, New York, which were later moved to Mountain View, California when Lester Hogan assumed control of Fairchild Semiconductor. In 1979, Fairchild Camera and Instrument (including Fairchild Semiconductor) became a subsidiary of Schlumberger Limited. Fairchild Imaging is a successor Company.
Vienna/Fairfax-GMU is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia on the Orange Line. The station is physically located in Oakton, though the station's official address is in Fairfax, in the median of Interstate 66 at Nutley Street. The station was originally named Vienna, but was renamed in 1999. The station can be accessed from I-66 without merging onto Nutley Street via a series of ramps that transport commuters directly to the station's parking complexes. It provides easy access to the nearby Town of Vienna, the City of Fairfax, and the main campus of George Mason University. Service began on June 7, 1986.
Dunn Loring-Merrifield is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia on the Orange Line. The station serves the communities of Merrifield and Dunn Loring and is located in the median of Interstate 66 at Gallows Road, just outside the Capital Beltway. The station is accessed via a footbridge over the eastbound lanes. Service began on June 7, 1986. \"Merrifield\" was added to the station's name in 1999.
West Falls Church-VT/UVA is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia on the Orange Line, the first station inside the beltway on the Orange Line going east. It is one of only two stations in the system to have three tracks, the other being the Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport station. The station serves the suburban community of Falls Church and the Northern Virginia Center operated by Virginia Tech and the University of Virginia. While technically it has a street address, it is physically located in the median of Interstate 66 near Virginia State Route 7 (Leesburg Pike). The station is also the nearest to Tysons Corner, a major commercial area. The initialisms for the two universities were added to the station's name in 1999, two years after the dedication of the shared graduate center. Service began on June 7, 1986. This is a major suburban transfer station, as many commuter buses that serve communities near the Dulles Toll and Access Roads (Virginia State Route 267) connect to the Metro system at West Falls Church using a bus-only exit from the Access Road. These buses include Fairfax Connector to points within Fairfax including Reston and Herndon, Metrobus to Tysons Corner, Washington Flyer to Dulles International Airport, and Loudoun County Transit reverse commute routes to businesses including AOL and MCI and transfer points in Dulles. The Silver Line to Dulles via Tyson's Corner is planned to join the Orange Line just east of this station and is estimated to start operating in 2011.
Freezepop is an American synthpop/Electropop band. They formed in 1999 in Boston, Massachusetts, originally with Liz Enthusiasm, Sean T. Drinkwater, and \"The Duke of Pannekoeken\", an alias for composer Kasson Crooker. The band is named after the frozen snack. The members describe their music as \"sweet and cold and fruity and plastic-y\", much like the snack. Former member Kasson Crooker currently works as a Senior Producer at video game development studio Harmonix. Many of the band's songs have appeared in video games, including the Harmonix titles FreQuency, Amplitude, Karaoke Revolution, Guitar Hero, Guitar Hero II, Phase, and the Rock Band series. Their music has also been included in Downhill Domination and one of the North American entries in the Dance Dance Revolution series. Freezepop songs continue to appear in certain Harmonix titles. The group is popular with college students in Boston and has become part of the U.S. synthpop scene.
Farragut West is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Blue and Orange Lines. It will also be on the Silver Line route, which is scheduled to start operations in 2013. The station serves downtown Washington, just west of Farragut Square with two entrances on I Street at 17th and 18th Streets, Northwest. It is only a block away (across the Square) from Farragut North station; however, there is no direct connection between the two stations. The WMATA originally planned to have a single Farragut station that would serve as an alternate transfer station to ease congestion that would develop in Metro Center. However, it would have been done using the cut and cover method, disrupting the Square above. Therefore, this proposal was not favored and the two separate stations were built instead. As part of its long-term capital improvement plan dated September 12, 2002, Metro has proposed building an underground pedestrian tunnel connecting this station with Farragut North. Service began on July 1, 1977 with the inauguration of the Blue Line. This was the first station in the system to open without any pylons along the platform. Information normally found on the pylons is located on wall plaques. It is the fourth-busiest station in the Metrorail system, averaging 25,000 passengers per weekday as of May 3, 2006.
McPherson Square is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Blue and Orange Lines. It is also scheduled to be on the Silver Line route, which is scheduled to start operations in 2013. The station serves downtown Washington, between McPherson Square and Franklin Square, with two entrances on I Street at Vermont Avenue and 14th Street NW. This is the main station to access the White House. Service began on July 1, 1977. The Vermont Avenue exit is directly underneath the Department of Veterans Affairs building.
Federal Triangle is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Blue and Orange Lines. It is also scheduled to be on the Silver Line route, which is scheduled to start operations in 2013. The station's entrance is beneath the Ariel Rios Building. Service began on July 1, 1977. On January 13, 1982, an eastbound Metro train on the Orange Line derailed just east of the station resulting in three fatalities, the first fatalities in the system's history.
Smithsonian is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Blue and Orange Lines. It will also serve the planned Silver Line. The station is located near the center of the National Mall. The station's south entrance is at the southwest corner of Independence Avenue and 12th Street, Southwest, the street elevator is at the northwest corner of the same intersection, and the north entrance is on the south side of the Mall near Jefferson Drive, Southwest. The station is named for its proximity to the Smithsonian Institution's museums and is close to the Washington Monument, the Tidal Basin and other tourist attractions on and near the National Mall. The station is also near several federal office buildings, including those of the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Energy. Service began on July 1, 1977. Near this station, Metro had its first fatality, which occurred on January 13, 1982 when a train derailed. On the same day, Air Florida Flight 90 crashed into the 14th Street Bridge. The two events closed the federal government in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The Smithsonian station has been closed all day on the Fourth of July since 2002, as its north entrance is within the secure perimeter established around the National Mall during Independence Day events.
Rambus Incorporated, founded in 1990, is a technology licensing company. The company became particularly well known for its aggressive intellectual property based litigation practices following the introduction of DDR-SDRAM memory.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 212 (VMFA-212) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron, which is currently in a cadre status. Most recently known as the \"Lancers\", the squadron was last based at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan and fell under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 12 (MAG-12) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW). Due to a re-organization within Marine aviation, the squadron was placed in a cadre status in 2008, awaiting revival as an F-35 squadron.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 363 (HMH-363) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53D Sea Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Lucky Red Lions\", is based at Marine Corps Air Facility Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 24 (MAG-24) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW). The squadron is scheduled to transition to the new MV-22 Osprey with in the next few years.
Patrick Daniel \"Pat\" Tillman (November 6, 1976 \u2013 April 22, 2004) was an American football player who left his professional sports career and enlisted in the United States Army in May 2002 in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks. He joined the United States Army Rangers and served multiple tours in combat before he was killed by friendly fire in the mountains of Afghanistan. Details about the circumstances surrounding his death have been the subject of controversy and military investigations.
Kenneth Koch (27 February 1925 \u2013 6 July 2002) was an American poet, playwright, and professor, active from the 1950s until his death at age 77. He was a prominent poet of the New York School of poetry, a loose group of poets including Frank O'Hara and John Ashbery that eschewed contemporary introspective poetry in favor of an exuberant, cosmopolitan style that drew major inspiration from travel, painting, and music.
Savatage is an American progressive metal band founded by the brothers Jon and Criss Oliva in 1978 at Astro Skate in Tarpon Springs, Florida. The band has been inactive since the release of their last album in 2001, and have not performed live together since 2002, instead concentrating on the more commercially successful side project, Trans-Siberian Orchestra.
Copley Square, named for the American portraitist John Singleton Copley (1738 &ndash; 1815), is a public square located in the Back Bay neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. A bronze statue of Copley, by sculptor Lewis Cohen, is located on the northern side of the square. The name Copley Square is frequently applied to the larger area extending approximately two blocks east and west along Boylston Street, Huntington Avenue, and St. James Avenue. The square is adjacent to the finish line of the Boston Marathon, which is commemorated by a monument in the park.
Looking Backward: 2000-1887 is a utopian novel by Edward Bellamy, a lawyer and writer from western Massachusetts; it was first published in 1888. According to Erich Fromm, Looking Backward is \"one of the most remarkable books ever published in America. \" It was the third-largest bestseller of its time, after Uncle Tom's Cabin and Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ. It influenced a large number of intellectuals, and appears by title in many of the major Marxist writings of the day. \"It is one of the few books ever published that created almost immediately on its appearance a political mass movement. \" Several \"Bellamy Clubs\" sprang up all over the United States for discussing and propagating the book's ideas. This political movement came to be known as Nationalism, not to be confused with the political concept of nationalism. The novel also inspired several utopian communities.
Axe is a hard rock band from Florida, USA, formed in 1979.
The Joe Perry Project is an American rock band formed by Aerosmith lead guitarist Joe Perry. Perry started working on forming the band shortly before his departure from Aerosmith in 1979. The Joe Perry Project signed a record deal almost immediately after Perry's exit from the band with Aerosmith's label, Columbia Records, who were disappointed with the chaos in the Aerosmith camp and hoping to maneuver Perry back into Aerosmith.
Pandebono is a type of bread made of corn flour, cassava starch, cheese and eggs. It is consumed with hot chocolate a few minutes after baking when is still warm. It is very popular in the Colombian department of Valle del Cauca.
Against All Authority (often abbreviated -AAA-) is an American punk band, formed in Florida in 1992. Playing in the ska punk style, their business practice follows a stringent DIY ethic.
Father Aloysius H. Schmitt (December 4, 1909 \u2013 December 7, 1941) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque, who served as a chaplain in the United States Navy during World War II.
MontaVista Software is a software developer that develops embedded Linux system software, development tools, and related software. Its products are targeted at other corporations developing embedded systems such as automotive electronics, communications equipment, mobile phones, and other electronics devices and infrastructure. MontaVista is based in Santa Clara, California and was founded in 1999 by James \"Jim\" Ready and others. On November 10, 2009 Cavium Networks announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to purchase MontaVista for $50 million.
Maxim Dmitrievich Shostakovich (born Leningrad on May 10, 1938) is a Russian conductor and pianist. He was the second child of Dmitri Shostakovich and Nina Varzar. Since 1975, he has conducted and popularised many of his father's lesser-known works. He was educated at the Moscow and Leningrad Conservatories before becoming chief conductor of the Union Radio and TV Symphony Orchestra. While he was Principal Conductor of the Moscow Radio and Television Symphony Orchestra, he conducted the premiere of his father's 15th Symphony. In 1979 he defected in West Germany later moving to the United States. After spells conducting the New Orleans Symphony Orchestra and the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra he returned to St. Petersburg. In 1992 he made an acclaimed recording of the Myaskovsky Cello Concerto with Julian Lloyd Webber and the London Symphony Orchestra for Philips Classics. Maxim is the dedicatee and first performer of his father's Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Major (Op. 102). He has a son, Dmitri Maximovich Shostakovich or Dmitri Shostakovich Jr. who is a pianist. Maxim Shostakovich recently completed a cycle of his father's 15 symphonies with the Prague Symphony Orchestra for the Czech label, Supraphon.
King Street is a Washington Metro station in Alexandria, Virginia on the Blue and Yellow Lines. It is the southernmost transfer station for the Blue and Yellow lines, as the two lines converge just south of the station. During inclement weather, Crystal City is commonly used as an unofficial transfer point, being the southernmost underground station common to both lines. King Street was originally served only by the Yellow Line, until the Blue Line was extended from National Airport to Van Dorn Street in 1991. The station entrance pylon on the street still reflects this period of Yellow-only service, lacking a blue stripe. King Street is the second fastest growing station on the Washington Metro. Over the past 10 years, its ridership has increased 104%. The station is located at King Street and Commonwealth Avenue. Entrances to the station are located on King Street and on the Diagonal Road side of the station. The station is above ground, and utilizes a center platform, which includes tactile paving strips to aid passengers who are blind or visually impaired. Access to the platform is provided by one pair of escalators, one staircase and one elevator. Service began on December 17, 1983. An expansion to the station has been completed, which adds a second entrance and mezzanine across Commonwealth Avenue from the existing mezzanine, with the new entrance located on Cameron Street, across from the nearby Hilton hotel. The expansion also includes a new canopy over the north end of the platform, designed to match the original canopy. The two canopies do not connect in order to preserve the view of the George Washington Masonic Memorial from Old Town.
Eisenhower Avenue is a Washington Metro station in Alexandria, Virginia on the Yellow Line. This is one of only two elevated side-platform stations in the system, with the other being West Hyattsville. The station is located at Eisenhower Avenue near Stovall Street, next to the Capital Beltway and the Hoffman Town Center entertainment complex. Entrances to the station are located just off Eisenhower Avenue. It is aboveground and utilizes side platforms. Access to each platform is provided by a pair of escalators and an elevator. Service began on December 17, 1983. The station provides connections to Metro's REX (Richmond Highway Express) bus service and the DASH bus service run by the city of Alexandria.
Braddock Road is a Washington Metro station in Alexandria, Virginia on the Blue and Yellow Lines. The station is located at Braddock Road and West Street. There is only one entrance to the station. It is above-ground and utilizes a center platform. Access to the platform is provided by one pair of escalators and one elevator. Service began on December 17, 1983. Metrobus and DASH provide service to the station. Car sharing is also available.
Archives\u2013Navy Memorial\u2013Penn Quarter (formerly Archives and Archives\u2013Navy Memorial) is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green and Yellow Lines. The station is located in Northwest Washington at 7th Street between Pennsylvania and Indiana Avenues, and it is very close to Gallery Place-Chinatown, so close that the lights of one station can be seen down the tunnel from the other. It takes its name from the nearby National Archives, the U.S. Navy Memorial, and the Penn Quarter neighborhood in which the station is located. It is a popular stop for tourists, with easy access to the northern side of the National Mall. Service began on April 30, 1983. Until 2005, the station was simply known as Archives-Navy Memorial. At that time it was renamed Archives-Navy Memorial-Penn Quarter, in recognition of the nearby Penn Quarter neighborhood. There is a provision for a future second mezzanine at the south end of the station, with a knock-out panel visible on the station's south wall.
Mt Vernon Sq/7th St-Convention Center (formerly Mt Vernon Square-UDC) is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green and Yellow Lines. Yellow Line trains terminate service here, and reverse direction using a pocket track just north of the station. Since December 31, 2006, Metro has been running off-peak and weekend Yellow Line trains north to Fort Totten as part of an experiment to determine ridership.
Federal Center SW is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Blue and Orange Lines. It is also scheduled to be on the Silver Line route, which is scheduled to start operations in 2011. The station is located at 3rd and D Streets, in an area of Southwest known as the Southwest Federal Center, for the many federal buildings found there. Service began on July 1, 1977. In preliminary maps this was named Voice of America station, after the government-owned radio service located a block away. In recognition of the possibility that VOA might move or the radio service might change its name in the years to come, the Metro facility instead got a more generic name.
Capitol South is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Blue and Orange Lines. It is also on the planned Silver Line route. Service began on July 1, 1977.
Potomac Ave is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Blue and Orange Lines. It will also serve the planned Silver Line, scheduled to start operations in 2011. The station serves a dense residential area of Southeast Washington around Potomac Avenue and is located at 14th and G Streets. Service began on July 1, 1977.
Stadium-Armory is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Blue and Orange Lines. It is a transfer station for the Blue and Orange lines, as this is the last station shared by the two lines before the lines diverge going east. This station will also be the eastern terminus for the planned Silver Line, when service begins in 2013. The station is located in Southeast Washington, with entrances on 19th Street at C Street and Independence Avenue. The station also serves the D.C. Armory, a popular venue for shows and entertainment, the D.C. General Hospital, and the D.C. Jail. It also serves RFK Stadium, the former home of the Washington Redskins and the Washington Nationals baseball team, and the current home of the D.C. United soccer team. Service began on July 1, 1977.
Benning Road is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Blue Line. The station is located in a residential area near the intersection of Benning Road and East Capitol Street. Service began on November 22, 1980.
Capitol Heights is a Washington Metro station straddling Washington, D.C. and Prince George's County, Maryland on the Blue Line. The station is located at 133 Central Avenue in a residential area at East Capitol Street and Southern Avenue. Service began on November 22, 1980.
Addison Road-Seat Pleasant is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland, on the Blue Line. The station is located in the residential area of Seat Pleasant on Central Avenue near Addison Road. Service began on November 22, 1980. The station was originally named Addison Road; \"Seat Pleasant\" was added in 2000. It was the eastern terminus of the Blue Line until December 18, 2004, when the Morgan Boulevard and Largo Town Center stations opened to the east. In December 2003, security cameras at this station filmed a deer walking around the station mezzanine, running down an escalator, and going down the platform past a waiting train, as startled passengers watched. The deer then jumped onto the tracks and escaped into nearby woods. Metro spokesperson Lisa Farbstein reported that Metro had nicknamed the deer \"Rudolph the Blue Line Reindeer\".
Morgan Boulevard is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Blue Line; it began service on December 18, 2004. The station is less than a mile from FedEx Field, the home of the Washington Redskins. It is about a 15-minute walk to the stadium from the station. The Morgan Boulevard Station gained approval from Congress in 1999. Construction began in 2001, and the cost of building it and its sister station, Largo Town Center, was over $450 million. The platform at this station is wider than others because of the estimated large volumes of passengers using it before and after football games. For commuters, there is a day care facility at the station. Originally, the station was to be named Summerfield, owing to the adjacent Summerfield Boulevard; however, the Prince George's County Board changed the name of the street to Morgan Boulevard in memory of Garrett Morgan, the African-American inventor of the stop-go traffic light. As a result, Metro changed the name of the station to match the new street name. This is one of the few stations not served by Metrobus. The Prince George's County bus system, called simply TheBus, serves this station.
Minnesota Ave is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Orange Line. The station is in Northeast Washington between Kenilworth Avenue and Minnesota Avenue, at Grant Street, immediately east of the CSX Landover Subdivision rail bed. Service began on November 20, 1978. The Minnesota Avenue Station is an east-Washington commuter station. There is a small parking lot and many Metrobuses serving the east side of city are here.
Heading east, Deanwood is the last Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Orange Line. The station is in the Deanwood neighborhood in Northeast Washington at Minnesota Avenue and 48th Street. Service began on November 20, 1978. The Deanwood station services the east corner of Washington, D.C. , and it is architecturally similar to its sister station, Minnesota Avenue.
Landover is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Orange Line. The station is in the residential area of Landover at Pennsy Drive near Landover Road. It is primarily a commuter station, with parking for over 1,800 cars, but it also served the now-demolished Capital Centre, formerly the Capital Centre and former home of the Washington Bullets and Washington Capitals and Metrobuses A11 (Sat Only) A12 And the bus 23 serves this station. Service began on November 20, 1978.
Shaw-Howard University is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green Line. It is also served by the Yellow Line during off-peak times. The station is located in Northwest Washington and has two entrances, at 7th and S Streets NW, and 8th and R Streets NW. It was initially named only \"Shaw\", and serves Howard University and the neighborhood of Shaw. Service began on May 11, 1991.
Columbia Heights is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Green Line. It is also served by the Yellow Line during off-peak times.
U St/African-Amer Civil War Memorial/Cardozo is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green Line. It is also served by the Yellow Line during off-peak times. The station is located in northwest Washington and serves the U Street neighborhood; nearby attractions include the Lincoln Theatre, the historic restaurant Ben's Chili Bowl, and several nightclubs, including The Black Cat and . The station is approximately five blocks east of the neighborhood of Adams Morgan. The station is single-platform with entrances at opposite ends, both on U Street at 10th and 13th Streets. \"Cardozo\" was added to the name just before opening, and refers to the nearby Cardozo High School. \"African-Amer Civil War Memorial\" was added in 1999 when the African American Civil War Memorial was completed at U Street and Vermont Ave NW. Service at the station began on May 11, 1991. With this designation, this station has the longest name in the Metro system, at 44 characters; the shortest station name is Takoma. Trains originally serviced this station as Yellow Line trains until Green Line service was formally introduced later that year. Yellow Line service resumed in late 2006 as part of an 18-month experiment to extend that line to Fort Totten station during non-rush hours and weekends. On June 10, 2001, Metro Transit Police Officer Marlon C. Morales was killed in the line of duty at this station, while intervening in a fare dispute. A plaque exists outside the 13th Street entrance in his honor.
Georgia Avenue-Petworth is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , on the Green Line. It is also served by the Yellow Line during off-peak times.
West Hyattsville is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. It is the first station in Maryland going northeast on the Green Line. The station is in Hyattsville. \"Chillum\" was originally to be the station's name. It is located at 2700 Hamilton Street, near the west side of Ager Road and the north side of Queens Chapel Road. Service began on December 11, 1993. West Hyattsville is one of only two stations that are elevated with side platforms. Eisenhower Avenue on the Yellow Line is the other. Arlington Cemetery on the Blue Line, Cheverly on the Orange Line, and Prince George's Plaza on the Green Line also contain side platforms, though these stations are at ground level. West Hyattsville served 1.246m riders annually as of 2006.
Prince George's Plaza is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. The station is located in a commercial area of Hyattsville near The Mall at Prince Georges, which, prior to receiving its current name in November 2004, was called Prince George's Plaza, at East-West Highway and Belcrest Road. Service began on December 11, 1993.
Navy Yard is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green Line. The station is located in the Navy Yard/Near Southeast neighborhood of Southeast, with entrances on M Street at Half Street and New Jersey Avenue.
Anacostia is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. on the Green Line. The station is located in the Anacostia neighborhood of Southeast Washington, with entrances at Shannon Place and Howard Road near Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SE (a major street serving the southeastern portion of the city). The station serves as a hub for Metrobus routes in Southeast, Washington, D.C. and Prince George's County, Maryland.
Congress Heights is a Washington Metro station in Washington, D.C. , United States on the Green Line. It is the last Green Line station in the District of Columbia going southeast. The station is located in Southeast Washington at Alabama Avenue and 13th Street, lying under St. Elizabeths Hospital. Service began on January 13, 2001.
Southern Avenue is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. It is the first station in Maryland going southeast on the Green Line. The station is located on the southern side of Southern Avenue, putting it just outside the District of Columbia, opposite Valley Terrace. Service began on January 13, 2001.
Suitland is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. The station is in Suitland at Silver Hill Road and Suitland Parkway. Service began on January 13, 2001.
Naylor Road is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. The station won an award from the Portland Cement Association for its use of concrete. The station is located between Naylor Road, Branch Avenue and Suitland Parkway. Service began on January 13, 2001.
Branch Ave is a Washington Metro station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line. It is the southeastern terminus of the Green Line. The Branch Avenue rail yard lies just beyond this station. The station is located near the intersection of Auth Road and Old Soper Road. Service began on January 13, 2001.
James Robert \"Bob\" Kalsu (April 13, 1945&ndash;July 21, 1970) was an All-American tackle at the University of Oklahoma and an eighth-round draft pick by the Buffalo Bills of the American Football League in 1968. Kalsu was a starting guard in 1968. He played the entire season and was the Bills' team rookie-of-the-year. Following the 1968 season, to satisfy his Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) obligation, he entered the Army as a Second Lieutenant and arrived in Vietnam in November 1969 as part of the 101st Airborne Division. He was killed in action on July 21, 1970 when his unit came under enemy mortar fire at FSB Ripcord near the A Shau Valley. His family, out of respect, refused to talk in detail about the circumstances surrounding his death. Lieutenant Kalsu had one child, a daughter named Jill. At home in Oklahoma City, his wife, Jan Kalsu, gave birth to his son, James Robert Kalsu Jr. , on July 23. Mrs. Kalsu was informed of her husband's death only hours later. Kalsu was the only recently active professional football player to lose his life in the Vietnam War.
Carlos James Lozada (September 6, 1946 &ndash; November 20, 1967), was a Private First Class in the United States Army and was killed in action in Vietnam. He was one of five Puerto Ricans who were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions.
Captain Euripides Rubio (March 1, 1938 &ndash; November 8, 1966), born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, was a United States Army officer and one of five Puerto Ricans who were posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration for valor &mdash; the Medal of Honor for actions on November 8, 1966 during the Vietnam War. Rubio was a member of the United States Army, H&amp;H Co. , 1st Battalion, 28th Infantry, 1st Infantry Division, RVN.
New Edition is an American R&amp;B male music group formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1978, that was most popular during the 1980s. They were the progenitors of the boy band movement of the 1980s and 1990s and led the way for groups like New Kids on the Block and Boyz II Men. At the height of their early popularity in 1983, the group consisted of Ronnie DeVoe, Ralph Tresvant, Bobby Brown, Michael Bivins, and Ricky Bell. Early hits included songs like 1983's \"Candy Girl\" and 1984's \"Cool It Now\". Brown left in late 1985 to embark on a successful solo career. The group continued for a time with four members, but eventually recruited singer Johnny Gill to record their 1987 album Heart Break. The group went on hiatus in 1990, while its various members worked on side projects, such as the group Bell Biv Devoe. Gill and Tresvant also recorded successful solo albums. All six members of the group reunited in 1996-1997 for the album Home Again, but during the ill-fated follow-up tour both Brown and Bivins quit the group, and the tour had to be cancelled. Various reunions have occurred since, usually with the 1987-1990 lineup, though occasionally also including Bobby Brown. Their last studio release was 2004's One Love. As of 2010, two New Edition decendants are recording and touring: Bell Biv Devoe, and Heads of State, featuring Brown, Tresvant, and Gill. Rumors of a new studio album have been floated for time to time, but none has materialized.
Shai Hulud is an American hardcore punk band with progressive metal influences, originally formed in Pompano Beach, Florida, the band later moved up to Poughkeepsie, New York. The name comes from the giant sandworms in Frank Herbert's novel, Dune. The two mainstay members of Shai Hulud are considered to be Matt Fox (guitar), who writes most of the band's musical and lyrical output, and Matt Fletcher (originally guitar, but then moved on to bass), who assists in writing. Shai Hulud was one of the first bands to be considered \"metalcore\", in the 90s. They have played metal influenced hardcore long before \"metalcore\" was even considered a musical genre, but their music cannot be considered metalcore in the modern meaning of the term. This is due to their lack of modern metalcore elements, with the band sticking more closely to their hardcore roots.
Mayo Methot (March 3, 1904 &ndash; June 9, 1951), also known as Mayo Methot Bogart, was an American film and theater actress.
Henry Watkin (March 6, 1824-November 21, 1910), was an expatriate English printer and cooperative socialist in Cincinnati, Ohio during the mid-to-late 19th century. While a young printer in London, Watkin became interested in the utopian socialist writings of Robert Owen, Charles Fourier, and Comte de Saint-Simon. Although it is still unknown to what degree Watkin participated in any cooperative or communalist movements in England or America before the Civil War, evidence suggests that Watkin was an active member of a community of progressive and radical Cincinnatians during his professional life. In 1870, he helped to found the Cooperative Land and Building Association No.1 of Hamilton County, Ohio. The housing cooperative was organized in 1871 to build and develop a railroad suburb named Bond Hill just a few miles outside of the corporate limits of Cincinnati. Besides his work founding Bond Hill, Watkin is best known as the friend and fatherly mentor of the 19th century Japanophile writer, Lafcadio Hearn. Henry Watkin was born in Pitsford, Northamptonshire, a village near Northampton in central England, to Baptist parents, William Watkin and Mary Hobson Watkin. The Watkin family was large and after his father's death at the age of six, Henry, his four older and two younger siblings were raised by their mother with income from the Watkin family's rental properties. As children, both he and a sister, Hephzibah, suffered grievous eye injuries, a circumstance which may have figured significantly later in his life. Watkin apprenticed as a printer under his uncle John Gardiner Fuller, an abolitionist and son of Andrew Fuller (co-founder of the Baptist Missionary Society), in Bristol. Family letters indicate that in 1845 after staying for a period with another uncle, Reverend Andrew Gunton Fuller, in London, he traveled to America. By 1847 Watkin had made his way to Cincinnati where he worked for the Cincinnati newspaper, the Daily Gazette, a known organ for the land reform movement at the time. Within a few years, Watkin became foreman of the Gazette but left in 1853 to set up his own bookstore and printing shop. On May 26 of that same year, Henry Watkin married Laura Ann Fry (1831-1914), a dressmaker and woodcarver from a family of prominent artist craftsmen and Swedenborgians hailing from Bath, England (Howe 2003). (Laura emigrated to America with her father, Henry Fry, in 1851). According to the 1860 census of Millcreek Township in Hamilton County, Ohio, Laura and Henry were living in the Bond Hill area, the site on which, ten years later, Watkin's cooperative would situate their new community. In 1857, Henry and Laura had a daughter, Effie Maud Watkin (1857-1944). Henry Fry was a vocal and religiously inspired supporter of communism in England. While the Fry family was less vocal about their radicalism in America, their strong affiliation with the Cincinnati Swedenborgian community, and friendships with wealthy progressives and artists suggests that the Fry's and Henry Watkin were well within the mileiu of radical Cincinnati. From descriptions of Henry Watkin in biographies of Lafcadio Hearn, Watkin is described as a \u201Clargely self-taught, free-thinking radical... especially interested in utopian communalism\u201D (Jonathan Cott 1991, 34). Writing soon after his death another biographer wrote: \"Henry Watkin was a person of apparently elastic views and varied reading; self educated but shrewd and gifted with a natural knowledge of mankind. He was nearly thirty years older than the boy he spoke to, but he remembered the days when his ideal of life had been far other than working a printing-press in a back street in Cincinnati. At one time he had steeped himself in the French school of philosophy, Fourierism and Saint-Simonism; then for a time followed Hegel and Kant, regaling himself in lighter moments with Edgar Allan Poe and Hoffman\u2019s weird tales. \" (Nina Kennard 1912, 66) The list of publications from Watkin's printing shop underlies Watkin's political and social sympathies. The first known book he published was an 1854 spiritualist work by Through H. Tuttle, An outline of universal government, : being a general exposition of the plan of the universe, by a society of the sixth circle. To which is added a lecture purporting to emanate from the spirit of Benjamin Franklin, on the philosophy of spiritual intercourse, and the reasons why spirits disagree in their communications. Watkin also published a large number of songsheets of African-American spirituals and hymns, as well as sermons from the African Methodist Episcopal Church, other spiritualist writings, and miscellaneous printings for Cincinnati merchants and commercial enterprises. Watkin's printings for spiritualists and the African-American community paralleled the interests of his contemporary Fourierists and likely indicate that Watkin was more than simply a reader of Charles Fourier. Fourierist communities in America waned in the late 1840s while many Fourierists were drawn to the spiritualist and anti-slavery abolitionist movements building throughout the 1850s. This is especially true of Cincinnati where remnants of the Clermont Phalanx helped to populate the city's Spiritual Brotherhood, a spiritualist society. After the Civil War, records indicate that Watkin was active in Cincinnati's socialist scene. In 1868, he was one of the initial stockholders subscribed in the Mutual Benefit Grocery, a cooperative grocery store in downtown Cincinnati. The grocery was a hub in the network of Cincinnati progressives including members from other prominent socialist families, the Hallers and McLeans, as well as other forward thinking printers, Caleb Clark and Charles Adams, also active in Cincinnati socialist movements. Watkin's social network also included members and administrators of the Young Men\u2019s Mercantile Library. These connections helped Watkin connect with the social philanthropists eager to create new affordable housing outside of Cincinnati, which in 1869 was even more densely populated than London. In 1870, Watkin helped to form the Cooperative Land and Building Association No.1 of Hamilton County, Ohio and in 1871 set about constructing the new suburb in the countryside nearby where he lived. William S. Munson, railroad broker, scion of a wealthy iron merchant family, and president of the Young Men's Mercantile Library (1873-74) was an early investor in the cooperative and became the Co-op's treasurer. It is likely that the cooperative elements of the Bond Hill's building association were inspired through Watkin's lifelong interest in cooperationism. Due to the financial hardships brought upon by the Long Depression of the 1870s, Watkin likely suffered greatly. By 1880, both his wife and daughter were recorded as in the census as living away from Cincinnati, in Kansas City, Missouri. (Laura Ann and Effie were likely either teaching or engaged in woodcarving furiniture or interiors there). Other stresses besides the depression seem to also have affected Watkin's project. In the early 1880s a schism appears to have split the cooperative and Watkin's activities in its leadership seem to decrease thereafterwards. Records of the Bond Hill Civic Association reveal that Watkin was printing membership cards for the organization as late as September 29, 1893, although by then Watkin and his family had moved next door to his father-in-law, Henry Fry's Sunflower Cottage, in Pleasant Ridge. Only two years later, according to correspondence, an accident befell Watkin. He was 71 years old. Watkin continued working with the help of his assistant printer, Frank H. Vehr. By 1902 Watkin had retired from printing, the oldest practicing printer in Cincinnati, and sold his shop to Vehr. While continuing to work, first selling novelties and afterwards, doing unknown work in an office building, Henry and his wife and daughter moved into Cincinnati\u2019s Old Men\u2019s and Widow's Home, a nursing home in Walnut Hills. According to his obituary, Watkin died of exhaustion at 4 o'clock in the morning, Monday, November 21, 1910, at the age of 86. In 1914, Laura died as well. Their bodies were cremated. After her mother's death, Effie Watkin, spent a few years outside the home but never married. Returning to the home she spent the rest of her life there until her death in 1944. Henry Watkin is survived by the descendants of his other siblings: John (1817-1904), William (1819-?), James (1822-?), Mary (1820-?), Hephzibah (1827-?) and Sarah Ann Watkin (1829-?). Henry Watkin is best known for his friendship with the Japanophile writer, Lafcadio Hearn. Hearn became famous in the late 19th century for his descriptions of Japanese culture and sensibility. After a childhood worthy of a Charles Dickens novel, Hearn spent his early years shunted between Greece, Ireland and the UK by unconcerned distant relatives and boarding schools. In 1869 he arrived in Cincinnati and barely survived by working odd jobs, sleeping in haylofts, and by cutting his hunger pains with opium. Later that year, after collapsing from exhaustion two friends of Hearn dragged him into Watkin's shop where Hearn implored Watkin for help. In the Reminiscences of Watkin's niece Hepsie Watkin Churchill, she speculates that Watkin's sympathy for the lad was in part motivated by Hearn's ruined eye, a handicap Watkin shared from youth and which the entire Watkin family was especially sensitive to. Watkin gave Hearn shelter in a back room of his printing shop, served him warm meals, and quickly became his friend, mentor, and surrogate \"Dad\". Confident of Hearn's heretofore-unrecognized abilities, \"Mr. Watkin secured for the boy a position with a Captain Barney, who edited and published a commercial paper, for which Hearn solicited advertisements and to which he began also to contribute articles\" (Bronner 1908, 25). In his printing shop, and on lengthy walks through Cincinnati, Watkin and Hearn discussed the utopias of Robert Owen, Comte de Saint-Simon, and Charles Fourier, the fantasies of Edgar Allan Poe, and all the morbid and sensational events that found their place in Hearn\u2019s articles for the Cincinnati Enquirer and the Cincinnati Commercial. Their mutual curiosities into spiritualist practice lead them to attend s\u00E9ances in Covington. Through Watkin's support and friendship, Hearn became a prolific and well-known journalist and writer. Henry Watkin was a contributing member to Cincinnati's socialist community in the 19th century. He will be remembered for his cooperationist principles and the legacy of his achievements: the success of Lafcadio Hearn and the creation of the railroad suburb of Bond Hill.
Darlene Kay Olson Hooley (born April 4, 1939) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Oregon who represented the state's 5th congressional district. A native of North Dakota, she spent eight years teaching high school before entering politics when she was elected to the West Linn, Oregon city council in 1975. Later she was elected to the Oregon State Legislature, then joined the Clackamas County Board of Commissioners before being elected to the House in 1996. In February 2008, Hooley announced that she would not seek re-election in 2008.
Miller James Huggins (March 27, 1879 &ndash; September 25, 1929), nicknamed \"Mighty Mite\", was a baseball player and manager. He managed the powerhouse New York Yankee teams of the 1920s and won six American League pennants and three World Series championships.
Dulce de leche is the most common denomination for milk caramel in Spanish. Found as both a syrup and a caramel candy, it is prepared by slowly heating sweetened milk to create a product that is vaguely similar in taste to caramel. Its origin is widely debated, and it remains popular throughout Latin America, including in the Southern Cone, where it is known by this name in Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Chile; in Peru and Colombia (where it is known as Manjar Blanco); in Mexico (where it is known as Cajeta); and in Brazil (where it is known by its Portuguese name Doce de Leite). A French version, known as confiture de lait is very similar to the spreadable forms of dulce de leche.
The K'iche' language (Quich\u00E9 in Spanish, Qatzijob'al or \"our language\" to its speakers) is a part of the Mayan language family. It is spoken by many K'iche' people in the central highlands of Guatemala. With close to a million speakers (some 7% of Guatemala's population), it is the second-most widely spoken language in the country after Spanish. Most speakers of K'iche' also have at least a working knowledge of Spanish except in some isolated rural villages. One of the notable speakers of the Quich\u00E9 language is Rigoberta Mench\u00FA. There is substantial dialectal variation, and the main dialects are sometimes considered to be separate languages. Most speakers use Central K'iche', which is the most commonly used in the media and education. Other dialects include West Central, San Andr\u00E9s, Joyabaj, Eastern, Nahual\u00E1 and Cun\u00E9n. Although it is just one of the national languages and not the official language of Guatemala, and the first-language literacy rate is low, K'iche' is increasingly taught in schools and used on radio. The most famous work in the Classical K'iche' language is the Popol Vuh (Popol Wu'uj in modern spelling).
Generation X is a fictional comic book superhero team, a spin-off of the X-Men franchise published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Scott Lobdell and artist Chris Bachalo, the team formed during the 1994 \"Phalanx Covenant\" storyline, and appeared in their own monthly series in September 1994 with Generation X #1. Generation X consisted of teenage mutants designed to reflect the cynicism and complexity of the series' namesake demographic. Unlike its predecessor the New Mutants, the team was not mentored by X-Men founder Charles Xavier at his New York estate, but by Banshee and former supervillain Emma Frost at a splinter school in western Massachusetts. The book's original creators left it in 1997. The series was cancelled with issue #75 in 2001.
The Faraway Places is an indie rock band. Originally formed in Boston, Massachusetts as Solar Saturday, they changed their name after moving to Los Angeles, California.
The Cr\u00FCxshadows are an independent music group from Florida. Their sound is made up of a combination of moody male vocals, electric violin, guitar, and synth. Centered around vocalist and songwriter Rogue, the Cr\u00FCxshadows blend 1980s inspired synth-pop and modern rock with poetic and introspective lyrics. The band has enjoyed global popularity, releasing CDs worldwide and touring extensively throughout North America, Europe, and Asia. For most of the band's career, they have been signed with Dancing Ferret Discs, based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In 2009 the band formed partnerships with several labels and distributors that allowed them to create their own imprint, Wishfire Records. Lyrically much of the Cr\u00FCxshadows' music draws its influence and subject matter from mythology, religion, history, and dreams. Often referred to with the acronym CXS, their motto is Live Love Be Believe.
Cul de Sac are a rock music group formed in 1990 in Boston, Massachusetts and led by guitarist Glenn Jones. Their music is primarily instrumental. Jones and keyboardist Robin Amos have been the only constant members. They have been classified by some as post rock, but Jones has expressed some discomfort with the term. He states that Cul de Sac is the most \"musically satisfying\" group he's been involved with; a group that is the \"closest to being the band I'd dreamed of forming. It allows me to combine my love of open-tuned guitar, played fingerstyle, with my love for electronics and noise, all placed within a rhythmic rock framework. \" Jones occasionally plays \"The Contraption,\" a prepared lap steel guitar. Cul de Sac have collaborated with guitarist John Fahey and with Can singer Damo Suzuki. Glenn Jones has also recorded two solo albums, This Is the Wind That Blows It Out (2004) and Against Which the Sea Continually Beats (2007). Cul de Sac performed at North East Sticks Together in 2006.
George Ticknor Curtis (November 28, 1812 \u2013 1894) was an American author, writer, historian and lawyer. Curtis was born in Watertown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Harvard University and then Harvard Law School. After admittance to the Massachusetts bar in 1836, Curtis was very successful as a patent attorney, working for (among others) Samuel F. B. Morse, Charles Goodyear and Cyrus McCormick. From 1840 to 1843, Curtis was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives as a Whig. A political ally of Daniel Webster, he was one of the \"Cotton Whigs\" who joined the Democratic Party when the Whig party dissolved in 1856. Later, as a U.S. commissioner at Boston, Curtis was compelled to send a former slave, Thomas Sims, back to slavery in compliance with the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850. He served as co-counsel for Dred Scott when his case reached the United States Supreme Court in 1857. His brother, Benjamin Robbins Curtis, was notable as one of the two dissenters in Dred Scott v. Sanford. Curtis wrote biographies of Webster (1870) and James Buchanan (1883) as well as a number of legal treatises. Among these, his \"Constitutional History of the United States [... ] to the Close of the Civil War (2 vols, 1889 and 1896) has been called the classic Federalist interpretation of the Constitution. While not a Mormon himself, Curtis was also a defender of the Mormon church, writing pro-Mormon articles for New York newspapers and magazines, most notably the New York Evening Post (July 14, 1887) and The Forum (November 1887).
Stanley Albert Schmidt (born March 7, 1944) is an American science fiction author. Since 1978 he has been the editor of the SF magazine Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
Moe Burtschy, born Edward Frank Burtsch (April 18, 1922 - May 2, 2004), was a right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia &amp; Kansas City Athletics (1950, 1951, 1954-56). He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. After graduating from high school in 1940, Burtschy signed a minor league contract, but he joined the Navy in September 1940 and served aboard the USS Ticonderoga. Following his military service, he returned to the minors and, on June 17, 1950, he made his debut in the American League with the Athletics. On June 26, 1954 Bortschy replaced Dutch Bomberger in the 10th inning of an Athletics game against the Baltimore Orioles. He walked Chuck Diering intentionally to load the bases. He then pitched wildly to Gil Coan which scored Dick Kryhoski with the winning run. Burtschy was optioned to the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League in May 1955. On May 29, 1956 he pitched two innings of hitless relief against the Chicago White Sox. Burtschy fell apart in the 12th inning, yielding three walks and a sacrifice to give Chicago a 7-4 win. In his 90-game career Burtschy compiled a 10-6 record, with 97 strikeouts, a 4.71 ERA, and four saves in 185 innings pitched. After retiring, he worked as a freight salesman in the trucking industry. In November 1999 Burtschy joined Lou Limmer, Gus Zernial, Spook Jacobs, Joe Astroth, Art Ditmar, and Joe DeMaestri for a reunion of members of the 1954 Philadelphia Athletics. The event was organized by the Philadelphia Athletics Historical Society. Moe Burtschy died of heart failure in Delhi Township, Ohio at the age of 82.
David Robinson is an American rock drummer. He has performed with many rock bands including The Modern Lovers, DMZ and The Cars. He attended Woburn Memorial High School. Robinson has retired from the music industry, and did not participate in the forming of The New Cars.
The team D\u00FCsseldorf Panther is an American football team based in the German city of D\u00FCsseldorf.
This article is about the New Hampshire lawyer and politician; for the New Orleans lawyer and legal scholar, see Samuel Livermore (legal writer). Samuel Livermore (May 14, 1732 \u2013 May 18, 1803) was a U.S. politician. He was a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire from 1793 to 1801 and served as President pro tempore of the United States Senate in 1796 and again in 1799. Livermore was born in Waltham, Massachusetts, and attended Waltham schools. He graduated from the College of New Jersey in 1752, He then studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1756, and commenced practice in Waltham. He moved to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in 1758 and later to Londonderry. He was a member of the New Hampshire General Court (the state's general assembly) 1768-1769. He was judge-advocate in the Admiralty court and Attorney General from 1769 to 1774. He moved to Holderness in 1775 and was State attorney for three years. Livermore was a Member of the Continental Congress from 1780 to 1782 and again from 1785 to 1786. He was Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court of Judicature from 1782 to 1789, and a member of the State constitutional convention in 1788. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives for the First and Second Congresses, serving from March 4, 1789 to March 3, 1793. He was chairman of the House Committee on Elections in the Second Congress. Livermore was president of the State constitutional convention in 1791 and in 1792 was elected as a Federalist to the United States Senate and was reelected in 1798 and served from March 4, 1793, until his resignation effective June 12, 1801, due to ill health. He served as President pro tempore of the Senate during the Fourth and Sixth Congresses. Livermore died in Holderness, New Hampshire and is interred in Trinity Churchyard there. Livermore was the father of Arthur Livermore, a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire, and Edward St. Loe Livermore, a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
Toxic Narcotic is an American crust punk band from Boston, Massachusetts who formed in 1989. Though many label them crust or hardcore, they do not self-identify with any one specific subgenre of DIY punk. Their songs typically include intensely misanthropic and nihilistic lyrics. Most of their albums have been released on their label, Rodent Popsicle Records. In 2005, the band performed at North East Sticks Together. Later that year, Toxic Narcotic went on hiatus and two of its members formed the band Mouth Sewn Shut. Bill Damon, the vocalist, runs Rodent Popsicle Records.
A Global Threat was an Americanstreet punk band, formed in Bangor, ME in 1997. They released four full-length LPs as well as many 7\" EPs and have toured extensively throughout the United States.
Richard Meltzer (born May 11, 1945) was one of the earliest rock music critics. His first book, The Aesthetics of Rock, evolved out of his undergraduate studies in philosophy at the State University of New York at Stony Brook and graduate studies at Yale University. At school, he developed a reputation as something of a prankster, although his actions were closer to the spirit of performance art happenings promoted by one of his professors, Allan Kaprow, than to fraternity hijinks. One of his actions involved sending a tape recorder to class with his comments for the day on tape. Fellow student Sandy Pearlman was responsible for pushing the button. Meltzer also dabbled in art, including \"detourned\" comic books in the style of the Situationists, which had various objects added to the pages. Meltzer, along with Sandy Pearlman and several other students, earned money on the side as booking agents for the big musical acts that came to Stony Brook in the 1960s. Following that, the two started writing lyrics and arranging gigs for a musical group they were promoting called Soft White Underbelly, later renamed Blue \u00D6yster Cult (B\u00D6C). Meltzer wrote the lyrics to many of the band's songs, including the hit Burnin' for You. B\u00D6C guitarist and keyboardist Allen Lanier is often credited with coming up with the umlaut over the 'O', but Meltzer claims to have suggested it to producer and manager Pearlman just after Pearlman came up with the name: \"I said, 'How about an umlaut over the O?' Metal had a Wagnerian aspect anyway. \" Meltzer started his career in 1967 writing for Paul Williams' Crawdaddy! magazine. That year, he also taught a class in aesthetics at the Maryland Institute College of Art. During the punk rock era, he formed a band called VOM (short for \"Vomit\") and released a four-song, 7-inch EP that included \"Electrocute Your Cock\". Meltzer also produced a student movie filmed in Malibu, The Pike in Long Beach, and a beach-side sewage treatment plant in El Segundo, with future Mau Maus guitarist Mike R. Livingston pantomiming rhythm guitar, and other members who would evolve into The Angry Samoans. The film for \"Electrocute Your Cock\" shows \"Halifax, NS\" t-shirt-clad Meltzer in the shower with jumper cables attached to his crotch, and sparks hand-drawn onto the film cels simulating electrocution. Also included was a beach-side clip for \"Punkmobile. \" The film is included in The Angry Samoans' posthumous 1995 VHS compilation, True Documentary Video. In the 1980s, Meltzer dabbled in architectural criticism, writing a series of articles for the L.A. Reader alternative weekly on the ugliest buildings in Los Angeles; these pieces were later published as a book. He moved to Portland, Oregon in the 1990s, but continued contributing to the San Diego Reader. He was also a regular columnist for Addicted to Noise, and by 2004 he was a contributor to a new weekly, Los Angeles CityBeat. In 2002 he released the CD Tropic of Nipples along with Smegma, VOM, Antler and Robert Pollard of Guided by Voices. He has also performed and recorded over the past decade with the improvisational music group Smegma. He is the uncle of professional wrestling writer Dave Meltzer.
Keith Packard (born April 16, 1963) is a software developer, best known for his work on the X Window System. Packard is responsible for many X extensions and technical papers on X. He has been heavily involved in the development of X since the late 1980s as a member of the MIT X Consortium, XFree86 and the X. Org Foundation.
Michael Wigglesworth was a Puritan minister and poet whose The Day of Doom was a bestseller in early New England. He was the son of Edward Wigglesworth (born 1603 in Scotton, Lincolnshire) and Ester Middlebrook of Wrawby, who married in October 27th 1629 in Wrawby. The family moved to New England in 1638. They originally lived in Charlestown, Massachusetts, then soon moved to New Haven, Connecticut. When Wigglesworth was ten years old his father became bed-ridden, forcing the boy to leave his schooling in order to help maintain the family farm. He graduated from Harvard in 1651 and taught there as a tutor until 1654, sometimes preaching in Charlestown and Malden, Massachusetts. He became a minister in Malden in 1654 but not actually ordained until 1656. Wigglesworth believed that he was essentially not worthy of believing in God as a result of merely being human. When he underwent a series of nocturnal emissions in his early life, he was thereafter convinced of his damnation. Through his diaries, he recounts his struggle to remain pure and good, despite continually relapsing into what he viewed as man's natural depravity. When Wigglesworth became a minister of a church, he was soon overcome with a psychosomatic disorder in which he felt he could, ironically, do everything except preach. His confused and disappointed congregation elected to find a replacement for Wigglesworth, an unnamed preacher who went on to embezzle funds from the church. Thereafter, Wigglesworth was reinstated and encouraged to take up preaching again. In his diaries, Wigglesworth expresses an overwhelming sense of inferiority. Amongst many, two of the most notable instances that occur are: first with his refusal to accept the presidency of Harvard due to his lack of self-confidence, and again when he married his cousin because, he claims, he is not good enough to find another woman. Yet he was eventually to marry three wives: Mary Reyner, Martha Mudge and Sybil (Avery) Spearhawk. In the 1650s, Wigglesworth confided in encoded messages of his diary that he was plagued by homosexual attractions to his male students, which continued even after his marriage. This is documented in the PBS film Out of the Past. In 1662 he published \"The Day of Doom or a Poetical Description of the Great and Last Judgment\", a \"doggerel epitome of Calvinistic theology\", according to the anthology, Colonial Prose and Poetry (1903), that \"attained immediately a phenomenal popularity. Eighteen hundred copies were sold within a year, and for the next century it held a secure place in [New England] Puritan households. As late as 1828 it was stated that many aged persons were still alive who could repeat it, as it had been taught them with their catechism; and the more widely one reads in the voluminous sermons of that generation, the more fair will its representation of prevailing theology in New England appear. \" Despite the fierce denunciations of sinners and the terrible images of damnation in The Day of Doom, its author was known as a \"genial philanthropist, so cheerful that some of his friends thought he could not be so sick as he averred. Dr. Peabody used to call him 'a man of the beatitudes', ministering not alone to the spiritual but to the physical needs of his flock, having studied medicine for that purpose,\" according to Colonial Prose and Poetry. Other works by Wigglesworth include God's Controversy with New England and Meat out of the Eater. This epitaph on Wigglesworth has been attributed to Cotton Mather: His pen did once Meat from the Eater take And now he's gone beyond the Eater's reach His body once so thin was next to none From hence he's to unbodied spirits flown. Once his rare skill did all diseases heal And he doth nothing now uneasy feel. He to his paradise is joyful come And waits with joy to see his Day of Doom.
Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron based at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico, Virginia. Nicknamed \"The Nighthawks,\" they are responsible for the helicopter transportation of the President of the United States, Vice President, Cabinet members and VIPs. When the President is aboard, the Marine helicopter uses the call sign \"Marine One. \" In addition to its VIP transport role, it is also tasked with operational test and evaluation (OT&amp;E) of new flight systems for Marine Corps helicopters.
Harlon Henry Block (November 6, 1924 \u2013 March 1, 1945) was a United States Marine during World War II. Born in Texas, Block joined the Marine Corps in November 1943 and subsequently saw action during the Battle of Bougainville and the Battle of Iwo Jima where he was killed in action. He is best known as one of the six men photographed raising the flag on Iwo Jima.
George Whitefield Chadwick (November 13, 1854 \u2013 April 4, 1931) was an American composer. Along with Horatio Parker and Edward MacDowell, he was a representative composer of what can be called the New England School of American composers of the late 19th century\u2014the generation before Charles Ives. Chadwick's works are influenced by the Realist movement in the arts, characterized by a down-to-earth depiction of people's lives. Many consider his music to portray a distinctively American style. His works included several operas, three symphonies, five string quartets, tone poems, incidental music, songs and choral anthems. Along with a group of other composers collectively known as the Boston Six, Chadwick was one of those responsible for the first significant body of concert music by composers from the United States. The other five were Amy Beach, Arthur Foote, Edward MacDowell, John Knowles Paine, and Horatio Parker.
Arthur Dewey Struble (June 28, 1894 &ndash; May 1, 1983) was a United States admiral who served in World War II.
Walter Eugene Powell (born April 25, 1931) was an American politician of the Republican party who served as a U.S. representative from Ohio from 1971 to 1975. He Also served in the Ohio Senate from 1967-1971.
Gordon Mumma (born March 30, 1935, in Framingham, Massachusetts) is a composer. He cofounded Ann Arbor's Cooperative Studio for Electronic Music with Robert Ashley, was a musician with the Merce Cunningham Dance Company and was a member of the Sonic Arts Union with Ashley, Alvin Lucier, and David Behrman. He is known most for his work with electronics, many devices of which he builds himself. Mumma was professor of music at the University of California-Santa Cruz where his composition students included Chris Brown, Joe Hannan, Daniel James Wolf, and Jonathan Segel. Additional students include Mamoru Fujieda.
Churrasco is a Portuguese and Spanish term referring to beef or grilled meat more generally, differing across Latin America and Europe, but a principal ingredient in the cuisines of Argentina, Brazil, Nicaragua, Uruguay, Puerto Rico and other Latin American countries. The related term churrascaria (or churrasqueria) is mostly understood to be a steakhouse. A Churrascaria is a restaurant serving grilled meat, many offering as much as you can eat: the waiters move around the restaurant with the skewers, slicing meat onto the client's plate. This serving style is called Espeto Corrido or Rodizio.
NRBQ is an American rock band founded in 1967. They are known for their live performances, containing a high degree of spontaneity and levity, and blending rock, pop and jazz styles of the 1950s and '60s. Their best known line-up is the 1974\u20131994 quartet of pianist Terry Adams, bassist Joey Spampinato, guitarist Al Anderson, and drummer Tom Ardolino.
This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb is a folk-punk band from Pensacola, Florida, USA. Their first recording was released in 1997 on Ghostmeat Records. Their later releases have been on Plan It X Records and No Idea Records, but now appear on their own label Plan-It X South. This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb initially started as a new wave band, with folk singer David Dondero on drums. They quickly switched to playing country music, but their punk roots were evident enough in their music that they became one of the premiere bands at the forefront of the folk-punk genre. They have done several US tours, played at Geekfest, and have been to Europe. Much of their music is politically oriented. This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb is staunchly opposed to war and is concerned with the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s and racial equality in general.
Calma Company, based in Sunnyvale, California, was, between 1965 and 1988, a vendor of digitizers and minicomputer-based graphics systems targeted at the cartographic and electronic, mechanical and architectural design markets. In the electronic area, the company's best known products were GDS (an abbreviation for \"Graphic Data System\"), introduced in 1971, and GDS II, introduced in 1978. By the end of the 1970s, Calma systems were installed in virtually every major semiconductor manufacturing company. The external format of the GDS II database, known as GDS II Stream Format, became a de facto standard for the interchange of IC mask information. The use of this format persisted into the 21st century, long after the demise of the GDS II computer system. In the integrated circuit industry jargon of 2008, \"GDS II\" referred no longer to the computer system, but to the format itself. Vendors of electronic design automation software often use the phrase \"from RTL to GDSII\" to imply that their system will take users from a high-level logic design to a completed integrated circuit layout ready for delivery to the mask vendor. In the mechanical area, the DDM (for \"Design Drafting and Manufacturing\") product was introduced in 1977. It was later extended, under the name \"Dimension III\", to address the architecture, engineering and construction (AEC) market. By 1983, these two products together accounted for 60% of Calma's revenue. [WEI08] Dimension III continued to be used as late as the late 1990s.
Infinite Jest is a 1996 novel written by David Foster Wallace. The lengthy and complex work takes place in a semi-parodic future version of North America. The novel touches on the topics of tennis, substance addiction and recovery programs, depression, child abuse, family relationships, advertising and popular entertainment, film theory, and Quebec separatism. In 2005, Time magazine included the novel in its list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to the present.
William Cecil Ross (May 11, 1911-June 4, 1998) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada, and the leader of that province's Communist Party from 1948 until his retirement in 1981. Ross was raised in a secular Jewish family that moved from the Ukraine to Winnipeg, Manitoba, in 1917. He was originally named Cecil Zuken, but legally changed his name in 1936 (in part to protect his family from anti-Communist harassment). His brother Joseph Zuken also became a Communist politician, and was for many years a prominent alderman from Winnipeg's working-class North End. With the editorial backing of Dos Yiddishe Vort (a local Jewish newspaper), Ross was elected to the Winnipeg school board in 1936 and served in that capacity until 1939. He was also active in labour organization outside the city, and was imprisoned for six months on sedition charges after leading a strike in Flin Flon. In 1940, Ross campaigned for Leslie Morris in the federal riding of Winnipeg North, and thereby contributed to the defeat of Co-operative Commonwealth Federation incumbent Abraham Albert Heaps, the most prominent Jewish politician in the city. Ross first ran for provincial office in the 1945 election, campaigning for the \"Labour Progressive Party\" (as the Communist Party had renamed itself) in the riding of Assiniboia. He finished well behind the winner, Ernest Draffin of the Manitoba CCF. Ross became leader of the provincial LPP on December 12, 1948, being elected by acclamation after former leader William Kardash resigned due to health concerns. Ross did not run in the election of 1949 because of a decision by the party to concentrate its resources -- the LPP ran only two candidates, one of whom was elected. Ross continued to lead the LPP (which was renamed the Communist Party in 1959) for thirty-three years, though he was unable to prevent it from declining to a marginal political force. Ross and Joseph Zuken had a strained relationship in the 1970s, due to Zuken's frequent criticisms of the Soviet Union and official Communist Party policy. While Zuken voiced concerns about anti-Semitism in the Soviet Union and restrictions on Jewish travel, Ross was unwilling to make public statements which violated the principle of party unity. Ross defended the Communist government of Czechoslovakia against accusations of anti-Semitism in 1952, following the trials of Rudolf Sl\u00E1nsk\u00FD and others. Despite their differences, the brothers remained close throughout their lives. Ross played a prominent role at Zuken's funeral in 1986. During the 1980s, Ross wrote in opposition to the Winnipeg School Board's education policy concerning the Ukrainian famine of the early 1930s. Ross acknowledged the death of millions, but denied that the government of Joseph Stalin had consciously planned an act of genocide against the Ukrainian people. (It should be noted that Mary Kardash, a Winnipeg school trustee of Ukrainian background, made essentially the same arguments as Ross during the course of these debates). Ross's wife, Anne Ross, was also a public figure, serving as an administrator at the Mount Carmel Clinic in Winnipeg. In the early 1970s, this clinic became involved in a public controversy over its decision to offer abortion referral services. Ross campaigned for federal and provincial office a total of fourteen times. Aside from the 1945 campaign mentioned above, he was a candidate in: Winnipeg Ward Two (municipal), 1953 Winnipeg election, (635 votes) Winnipeg North Centre (federal), 1953 (1606 votes), winner: Stanley Knowles (CCF) Winnipeg North (federal), 1957 (1579 votes), winner: Alistair Stewart (CCF) Winnipeg North (federal), 1958 (1503 votes), winner: Murray Smith (PC) Burrows (provincial), 1959 (675 votes), winner: John Hawryluk (CCF) Winnipeg North (federal), 1962 (1504 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) Inkster (provincial), 1966 (312 votes), winner: Sidney Green (NDP) Winnipeg North (federal), 1968 (869 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) Winnipeg North (federal), 1972 (587 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) St. Johns (provincial), 1973 (66 votes), winner: Saul Cherniack (NDP) Winnipeg North (federal), 1974 (390 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) Winnipeg North (federal), 1979 (242 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) Winnipeg North (federal), 1980 (195 votes), winner: David Orlikow (NDP) St. Johns (provincial), 1981 (117 votes), winner: Donald Malinowski (NDP)
Fred C. Hamilton was a Manitoba politician who made two unsuccessful bids for the leadership of the Manitoba Liberal Party (in 1927 and 1931). Hamilton ran for the Canadian parliament in the election of 1917, supporting the Opposition Liberals led by Sir Wilfrid Laurier. He was resoundingly defeated by Thomas Crerar, then serving as Minister of Agriculture in Robert Borden's Unionist government. Hamilton served as president of the Provincial Liberal Association in the 1920s, and ran for the party's leadership in 1927. He was defeated by Hugh Robson, a respected judge with no prior political experience. The vote totals were not read into the record. Following the general election of 1927, Hamilton campaigned for the Liberals in the northern riding of Rupertsland -- which, due to its remoteness, voted after the rest of the province. He lost to Herbert Beresford, an independent candidate supporting Bracken's government. Hamilton ran for the party leadership again in 1931, but lost to Murdoch Mackay, who supported cooperation with the Progressives. Once again, the vote totals were not read into the record. Mackay subsequently led the Liberals into an electoral alliance with the Progressive Party in 1932. Hamilton opposed this alliance, and campaigned for David Campbell's \"Continuing Liberals\" in the 1932 campaign.
Doug Lauchlan is a Canadian politician, minister and educator. From 1980 to 1982, he was the leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party. Lauchlan was an ordained minister in the United Church of Canada, and was the President of Mount Royal College, Calgary during the 1970s. He also worked as an advisor to Lloyd Axworthy. In 1979, Lauchlan was a federal Liberal candidate in the Alberta riding of Calgary West. He was defeated by Progressive Conservative Jim Hawkes. On November 30, 1980, Lauchlan was elected leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party, defeating Hugh Moran by 493 votes to 300. The Manitoba Liberals were in a precarious position in this period, holding only one seat in the provincial legislature (that of June Westbury, who replaced Axworthy in the by-election). With the electorate polarized between the Progressive Conservatives and New Democrats, the Liberals were unable to present themselves as a viable alternative. In the general election of 1981, Lauchlan finished a poor third in the riding of Wolseley and the Liberal Party was eliminated from the legislature for the only time in its history. Lauchlan resigned as party leader in 1982. Lauchlan subsequently returned to Alberta. In 1988, he was recognized by the Canadian Speech Association as Speaker of the Year. He was also a director of the Banff Centre for a time.
Bill Ridgeway is a Manitoba politician, businessman and farmer. In 1984, he unsuccessfully ran for the leadership of the Manitoba Liberal Party. Based in Grosse Isle, Ridgeway ran for the Liberals in the riding of Lakeside in the provincial election of 1981. He received only 592 votes, as against 5055 for the victorious candidate, Progressive Conservative Harry Enns. Ridgeway was the only serious opposition to Sharon Carstairs at Manitoba's provincial Liberal leadership convention, held on March 4, 1984. He received 238 votes, against to 307 for Carstairs and 33 for two other candidates. Ridgeway has not campaigned for federal or provincial office since this time. In 2002, Ridgeway presented a resolution against genetically-modified food to Agricore United (which was created by a merger of the United Grain Growers and Agricore Cooperative). He is currently President of the Manitoba Straw Producers Co-op.
Sudbury East was a provincial electoral riding in the Canadian province of Ontario, that was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1999. It served the easternmost portion of the former city of Sudbury, the eastern portion of the Regional Municipality of Sudbury, and several rural communities to the east and southeast of the city. The riding only existed in provincial elections \u2014 for federal elections, most of Sudbury East was part of either Nickel Belt or Timiskaming\u2014French River. In 1999, the provincial government realigned its ridings to match the federal riding boundaries, and Sudbury East was amalgamated into the provincial Nickel Belt district. Shelley Martel, the incumbent MPP for Sudbury East prior to the 1999 election, continued to represent the region for another eight years as the MPP for Nickel Belt.
Dennis Rice is a Manitoba activist and politician. He was elected leader of the Libertarian Party of Manitoba in the 1990s, and resigned the position in 2003. Rice works as a commercial strawberry salesman in rural Manitoba. He has campaigned for the provincial legislature several times, though he has never come close to being elected. Rice does not subscribe to an extreme, egoistic version of libertarian philosophy. In 1999, he argued in favour of private, voluntaristic charity in a web-article entitled \"Free Markets and Volunteerism\". He has also written in support of the right-wing/neo-liberal farming groups associated with the Canadian Farm Enterprise Network. Rice first ran as an LPM candidate in 1988, at age 21. Campaigning in the Winnipeg riding of St. James, he received 69 votes, as compared with 3939 for the winning candidate, future Manitoba Liberal Party leader Paul Edwards. In 1990, he ran in the rural riding of Lakeside and received 95 votes, against 3719 for veteran Progressive Conservative MLA Harry Enns. He also participated in a 1992 by-election in Crescentwood, receiving only 19 votes. At some point in the 1990s, Rice replaced Clancy Smith as leader of the LPM. He may have been the party's leader in 1995 when he campaigned in the rural riding of Morris, receiving 135 votes; he was certainly the LPM's leader in 1999, when he received 107 votes in the same riding. Rice resigned as LPM leader two days after the 2003 election was called. He was replaced as party leader by Chris Buors. Rice has also campaigned federally for the Libertarian Party of Canada in 1988 and 1993.
Paul Linnman (born 1947) is a radio personality on KEX 1190 AM radio in Portland, Oregon. He worked for nearly 30 years as a television news reporter and anchor for KATU and KGW. He is perhaps best known for his report on the attempt by the Oregon Highway Division to dispose of a dead, beached whale by exploding it (beaches open to motor vehicles are considered state highways in Oregon).
Angus MacLise (Bridgeport, Connecticut, March 4, 1938 - Kathmandu, Nepal June 21, 1979) was an American percussionist, composer, poet, occultist and calligrapher probably best known as the first drummer for the Velvet Underground.
Frederick (Freddy/Fred) Terrell Jones (born March 11, 1979) is an American professional basketball player who plays at the shooting guard position. He is currently playing for the Pallacanestro Biella.
Lorne Robson was a Communist politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was the leader of the Communist Party of Canada - Manitoba during the 1988 provincial and federal elections, having apparently succeeded Paula Fletcher as party leader in 1986. In the provincial election, Robson ran in the riding of Burrows and received 79 votes. Liberal William Chornopyski won the riding with 3,114 votes. Later in the same year, he ran for the federal riding of Winnipeg North Centre, and received 179 votes. Liberal candidate David Walker won with 12,104 votes. Shortly thereafter, Robson moved to Ontario, and stepped down as leader of the CPC-M.
Frank Goldspink is a Communist politician in Manitoba, Canada. He ran as a candidate for the Communist Party several times, and appears to have been the leader of the Communist Party of Canada - Manitoba in the provincial election of 1990. An office worker, Goldspink first ran for the Communist Party of Canada in the 1984 federal election. He campaigned in Winnipeg--Fort Garry and received 115 votes, against 21286 for the winning candidate, Liberal Lloyd Axworthy. In 1986, Goldspink ran provincially for the CPC-M in the north Winnipeg riding of St. Johns. He received 65 votes, against 3753 for victorious New Democrat Judy Wasylycia-Leis. Goldspink participated in both the provincial and federal elections of 1988, running provincially in Logan (receiving 46 votes) and federally in Winnipeg North (150 votes). It will be noted from the above vote totals that the CPC-M was a minor political force during the 1980s. It began to disintegrate even further during the 1990s, coinciding with similar troubles in the federal Communist Party of Canada. Whereas the CPC-M had field six candidates in 1988 under Lorne Robson's leadership, Goldspink was its only candidate in 1990. He was the party's provincial organizer at the time, and may have been its official political leader as well. As a candidate in the upscale riding of Kirkfield Park, Goldspink received only 25 votes. He left the Communist Party in 1991. The CPC-M does not seem to have had an official leader again until 1996, when Darrell Rankin was elected to the position at a party convention.
James Lawrence (October 1, 1781 &ndash; June 4, 1813) was an American naval officer. During the War of 1812, he commanded the USS Chesapeake in a single-ship action against HMS Shannon. He is probably best known today for his \"Don't give up the ship!\", which is still a popular naval battle cry.
The Warren Anatomical Museum, housed within Harvard Medical School's Countway Library of Medicine, was founded in 1847 by Harvard professor Dr. John Collins Warren, whose personal \"cabinet\" of unusual and instructive anatomical and pathological specimens are the nucleus of its 15,000-piece collection. The Warren also has objects significant to medical history, such as the inhaler used during the first public demonstration of ether-assisted surgery in 1846. A rotating subset of the collection is open to the public. Among the Warren's most treasured items, and certainly its most famous, are the skull and tamping iron of Phineas Gage.
Damon Lamon Stoudamire (born September 3, 1973) is a retired American professional basketball player, who is currently an assistant coach for the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies. The 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m), 171 lb (78 kg; 12.2 st) point guard was selected with the 7th overall pick by the Toronto Raptors in the 1995 NBA Draft and won the 1995-96 NBA Rookie of the Year Award. He played professionally for the Toronto Raptors, Portland Trail Blazers, Memphis Grizzlies and San Antonio Spurs, and collegiately at the University of Arizona. He is the cousin of former Arizona Wildcats standout Salim Stoudamire.
James Hugh Joseph Tate (10 April 1910 \u2013 27 May 1983) was a U.S. political figure. He served as the mayor of Philadelphia between 1962 and 1972, having reached that office (moving up from president of City Council) when Richardson Dilworth resigned to make his unsuccessful run for Governor. Tate was elected to full terms in 1963 and 1967. He was the first Roman Catholic to serve as mayor of Philadelphia. In Tate's successful re-election bid in 1967, he defeated Arlen Specter, who was District Attorney at the time. Specter later went on to be elected to the U.S. Senate. Towards the end of his life, Tate lived in Longport, NJ. He died of an apparent myocardial infarction in Somers Point, NJ.
Frederick C. Murphy (July 27, 1918 - March 19, 1945) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor during World War II while a member of the US 65th Infantry Division.
Fred Cameron (born in 1919 or 1920) is a politician in the Canadian province of Manitoba. During the 1980s, he was the most prominent advocate in that province for the separation from Canada of the four western provinces, although support for this movement was never as strong in Manitoba as it was in Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. Cameron served as a soldier in World War II. He entered politics in the 1980s, as a member of the Western Canada Concept, a party which sought independence for all of Canada's provinces and territories west of Ontario. The federal WCC was originally led by Doug Christie, a controversial lawyer who has worked for holocaust deniers and others on the extreme right. Not all WCC members were supporters of Christie: he was, at one stage, forbidden from holding a membership in the Alberta wing of the party. Cameron, however, appears to have been both his personal friend and political ally. Cameron contested a by-election in the Winnipeg riding of Fort Rouge in October 1984. He received 186 votes, finishing last in a field of six candidates, which also included Liberal leader Sharon Carstairs and Progressive Party leader Sidney Green). It is probable that Cameron was the Manitoba WCC's leader at this time. Cameron was certainly the party's leader by time of the 1986 general election. He ran in the Winnipeg riding of Concordia and received 204 votes, against 4525 for winning candidate Gary Doer of the New Democratic Party. There were five WCC candidates in this election, the minimum needed for the party to be officially listed on the electoral ballots. Also in 1986, Cameron worked on the mayoral campaign of Russell Doern, formerly a New Democratic Party cabinet minister, but subsequently an anti-bilingualism activist. In 1987, a number of disgruntled figures in the Alberta WCC founded a new organization, known as the Western Independence Party. Provincial branches of this party soon emerged throughout western Canada, and Cameron became the leader of the Western Independence Party of Manitoba. The Manitoba WCC seems to have disappeared at about the same time; it is unclear if the party simply changed its name, or if there was a formal split. The WIP ran 16 candidates in the 1988 election, well above the number nominated by the WCC in 1986. Cameron again ran in Concordia, and received 114 votes, finishing fifth out of six candidates. He also ran as an independent candidate in the 1988 federal election, and received 308 votes in the riding of Winnipeg\u2014Transcona. The WIP ran six candidates in the 1990 provincial election. Cameron, still the WIP leader, ran again in Concordia and received 168 votes. The Manitoba WIP stopped contesting elections after this time, although it has not entirely disappeared as an organization. Cameron has contributed a number of letters to the \"Western Separatist Papers\". In these letters, he has lamented the quality of Canada's current military and opposed affirmative action programs. In 2001, Cameron spoke at a western separatist meeting in Saskatchewan. A report described him as still \"a true believer in the separatist movement\". In 2004, Cameron advocated that Canada eliminate the federal position of Governor-General, as well as the provincial Lieutenant-Governorships.
Louise McCarren Herring (20 September 1909 - 2 November 1987), an Ohio native, is recognized as one of the pioneer leaders of the non-profit cooperative credit union movement in the United States. Herring is universally regarded in the United States credit union movement as being the \u201CMother of Credit Unions\u201D for her work with the movement since its earliest days. Herring was one the attendees at the 1934 Estes Park, Colorado meeting that established the Credit Union National Association (better known as CUNA). Also attending the Estes Park meeting were Edward Filene, Claude Clark, and Dora Maxwell. Herring\u2019s commitment to the value of credit unions elevated her to national leader of the movement. Herring is credited with helping to establish five hundred credit unions and was an avid supporter of the dual share insurance system, helping to establish the private National Deposit Guaranty Corporation, which is now known as American Share Insurance (ASI). Prior to her marriage, she served as the first paid Executive Secretary of the Ohio Credit Union League which she co-founded. Herring also served as the longtime manager of KEMBA (Kroger Employees Mutual Benefit Association) Credit Union in Cincinnati. Herring was inducted into the National Cooperative Business Association's Cooperative Hall of Fame in 1983. CUNA annually awards the Louise Herring Award for Philosophy in Action, which recognizes those credit unions which \u201Cdemonstrate the exceptional effort to integrate credit union philosophy\u201D (not for profit but for service) into the daily operations of their credit unions and recognize their commitment to superior service to their member/owners. The Ohio Credit Union System tri-annually awards the Louise McCarren Herring Lifetime Achievement Award to those individuals who have demonstrated a lifetime dedication to the advancement of the credit union movement in Ohio. Louise McCarren Herring died in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1987.
Nelson Contois is a Manitoba politician. In 1995, he was the leader of a short-lived political party known as Independent Native Voice, focusing on the issues of Manitoba's aboriginal population. Subsequently, Contois and two other INV candidates were implicated in a vote-splitting scandal involving leading figures in the Manitoba Progressive Conservative Party.
Roger Woloshyn is a politician in Manitoba, Canada . In 1998, he became the founding leader of a small organization known as the Manitoba Party. The MP was formed in 1998, and called for fundamental changes to the province's political system. During the provincial election, Woloshyn referred to the existing system as an \"elected dictatorship\", and promised that his party's Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) would be allowed to vote according to the wishes of their constituents rather than an official party line. He also promoted debt reduction and tax cuts. The general tenor of his campaign may be described as right-wing and populist, although it is not clear that he or his party advocated any particular positions on social issues. Woloshyn ran in the riding of Springfield, and received 203 votes. The winning candidate, Progressive Conservative Ron Schuler, received 4,969. No Manitoba Party candidate came close to being elected. The Manitoba Party attempted to contest the 2003 election, but was unable to find the five candidates necessary for official ballot status. Woloshyn himself was not a candidate. Before entering politics, Woloshyn worked as an astronomer at the Manitoba Museum of Man and Nature (where he received the nickname \"starman\"). He conducts regular tours of Northern Lights displays in the Churchill region.
Charles Braithwaite (1850 &ndash; June 9, 1910) was a Manitoba politician and agrarian leader. From 1891 to 1897, he was the leader of the province's Patrons of Industry. Braithwaite was born in Folston, England. A farmer's son with little formal education, he left England for Canada in the 1870s, initially living in Durham, Ontario but moving to Manitoba in 1881. After shifting between cities and jobs for a few years, he settled as a farmer in Portage La Prairie in 1883. In 1891, Braithwaite joined the Farmers' Institute, an educational and lobbying group representing the concerns of farmers. He also joined a Patrons of Industry local in the spring of the same year. A powerful orator, Braithwaite was elected Grand President of the Manitoba Patrons at their first provincial convention in November, and held this position until January 1897. The Patrons of Industry were originally an agrarian fraternal organization and discussion forum operating throughout the United States and Canada. In Ontario and Manitoba, they followed in the tradition of earlier agrarian groups by opposing the national policy of John A. Macdonald's Conservative government. Under the national policy, Manitoba farmers were required to pay high prices for equipment while receiving relatively low prices for their goods. Braithwaite was able to lead a populist movement in opposition to this policy, using the slogan \"Manitoba for Manitobans\" to promote his organization's goals. During Braithwaite's first three years as Patron leader, the organization focused on agrarian cooperation via the Patrons Commercial Union. This union failed due to poor management, after its members refused to contribute enough materials to attract commercial interests. The Manitoba Patrons turned to direct political action in 1894. Originally a Liberal, Braithwaite encouraged the party to run its own candidates in provincial and federal elections to protest existing political corruption. Braithwaite himself conducted a successful tour of the province to spread this message. By the end of the year, membership in the Manitoba Patrons had grown to about 5000, and the party had nominated candidates in all but two constituencies in anticipation of the next provincial election. In the summer of 1894, Patron candidate John Forsyth defeated Conservative leader John Andrew Davidson in a by-election for the Manitoba legislature. (Forsyth subsequently violated party policy by using a railway pass as a privilege of elected office, and was expelled from the Patrons in October 1895). The Patrons were, however, a divided organization. Braithwaite frequently quarrelled with Henry Clay, the hardline editor of the Patrons newspaper whose intemperate comments often drove financial supporters away from the party. Clay was replaced as editor in early 1895, but other divisions subsequently surfaced. In early 1895, Braithwaite travelled to Toronto to help create the platform of a national Patrons party, which advocated agrarian reform, prohibition and woman's suffrage. Soon after this, however, the Manitoba Patrons became divided by a local issue, the Manitoba Schools Question. Catholic Patrons became alienated from the party when it supported the government of Thomas Greenway in opposing denominational schools. The controversy also caused many Protestant farmers to rally around Greenway's Liberals, further marginalizing the Patrons. Only seven Patrons candidates contested the 1896 provincial election in Manitoba, and of these only two were elected. Braithwaite had already declared himself a candidate for federal office, and did not run provincially. In the 1896 federal election, Braithwaite contested the riding of Macdonald on a platform of non-sectarian schools, electoral reform, agricultural interests, free trade, public utilities ownership, prohibition and universal suffrage. His campaign was marginalized by a close national race between the Conservatives and Liberals, and was dealt a further blow when Charles Tupper's Conservatives unveiled a platform that promoted many of the Patrons goals. Braithwaite finished third in his riding, and stepped down as Grand President in January 1897. The Patrons effectively ceased to exist as a viable political group in Manitoba after this time, although many of their policies would later resurface in the Progressive Party of Canada. Braithwaite subsequently accepted office as Manitoba's provincial weed inspector, serving from 1897 to 1901. He returned to his farm after this, and in 1904 moved to Chilliwack, British Columbia. He later became the first postmaster of the small community of Camp Slough, and died in 1910.
Rod Stephenson was an independent candidate who ran for the riding of Turtle Mountain in Manitoba's provincial elections of 1988 and 1990. On the latter occasion, he ran on a platform of separating Turtle Mountain from Manitoba and Canada. He also promised to privatize everything. In 1988, Stephenson received 767 votes and finished third. Victorious candidate Denis Rocan of the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba received 3208 votes. Stephenson received 173 votes in 1990, against 4702 for Bob Rose of the Progressive Conservatives.
Julianne Phillips (born May 6, 1960) is an American model and actress. She is the ex-wife of Bruce Springsteen.
Gerald Sheindlin (born November 19, 1933), was a judge on the television show The People's Court from 1999 to 2001. Before that, he served on the New York State Supreme Court. He is the author of two books, Genetic Fingerprinting: The Law and Science of DNA Evidence and Blood Trail. He is married to Judith Sheindlin, better known as Judge Judy. Judy and Jerry Sheindlin married in 1977, were divorced in 1990, and remarried in 1991. For both Judy and Jerry, it was a second marriage, and between them they have five children and 11 grandchildren.
Thomas Anthony Connolly (December 31, 1870 - April 28, 1961) was an English-American umpire in Major League Baseball. He officiated in the National League from 1898 to 1900, followed by 31 years of service in the American League from 1901 to 1931. In over half a century as an AL umpire and supervisor, he established the high standards for which the circuit's arbiters became known, and solidified the reputation for integrity of umpires in the major leagues. Connolly was born in Manchester, England, and played cricket as a boy. It was not until his family emigrated to the United States in 1885, settling in Natick, Massachusetts, that he saw the game of baseball played for the first time, but he was quickly fascinated and resolved himself to learning as much about the game as he could. He immersed himself in the rule book, and within a few years was umpiring for local games. While working in YMCA games, he was discovered by major league umpire Tim Hurst, who gained a position for him in the New England League, where he umpired from 1894 to 1897. In 1898 the NL brought him up to the majors, but he was offended by the league president's reluctance to back up umpires' decisions on the field, and resigned in the middle of the 1900 season, later signing with the fledgling AL in 1901. That league's president, Ban Johnson, was eager to create a reputation for the AL as a solid challenger to the NL, and he gave umpires a greater measure of support than they had previously received, demonstrating that attacks upon umpires would not be tolerated and that their judgment was final. Connolly had the privilege of umpiring, by himself, the first American League game ever played on April 24, 1901. Although he had begun his career by showing that he was willing to remove players from the field &ndash; he ejected 10 in his first season &ndash; he came to earn great respect from the players, and once went 10 full years without needing to throw one out of a game. He also showed an ability to stand firm against the toughest players in defense of the rules; on September 11, 1912, he called Ty Cobb out for stepping across home plate while batting, after Cobb had hit an RBI triple on the third pitch of an intentional walk. During the ensuing argument, Connolly was struck in the mouth by a bottle thrown by a spectator. His reputation earned him prominent game assignments, including the first AL games ever played at Comiskey Park, Shibe Park, Fenway Park, and Yankee Stadium. Connolly was also the sole AL umpire chosen to work in the first World Series in 1903. In 1931, new AL president Will Harridge was concerned about widespread complaints that the quality of umpiring in the league had deteriorated, and Connolly retired from active field work to become the league's first supervisor of umpires. Travelling throughout the league to work with other umpires and ensure that everyone's work was meeting the same high standards, he remained in that post until 1954, and came to be known as the nation's foremost expert on baseball rules. In his career, Connolly worked in an AL-record 8 World Series: 1903, 1908 (even-numbered games), 1910, 1911, 1913, 1916, 1920 and 1924. He was also the home plate umpire for Addie Joss' perfect game on October 2, 1908, one of four no-hitters in which he called balls and strikes. On May 4, 1928, he was the first base umpire for a remarkable game between the New York Yankees and the Philadelphia Athletics, in which 12 players who would eventually be elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame appeared. Leo Durocher, who would be elected as a manager, also played; both managers, Miller Huggins and Connie Mack, were eventually elected, as were Connolly and fellow umpire Bill McGowan. Connolly was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1953, one of the first two umpires (the NL's Bill Klem was the other) named to that honor. Connolly and Klem are the only two umpires in history to have worked in five decades; Connolly's record of 31 years umpiring American League games was broken by Larry Barnett in 1999. He died at age 90 in Natick, Massachusetts.
Kevin Conroy (born November 30, 1955) is an American actor of stage, screen and voice, best known for his voice role as Batman in numerous animated television series, feature films, and video games that comprised the DC Animated Universe.
Robert Lewis Taylor (24 September 1912 &ndash; 30 September 1998) was an American author and winner of the 1959 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Taylor was born in Carbondale, Illinois and attended Southern Illinois University for one year, which now houses his papers. He graduated from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with a Bachelor of Arts in 1933. After college, he became a journalist and won awards for reporting. In 1939, he became a writer for The New Yorker magazine as an author of biographical sketches. Additionally, his work appeared in The Saturday Evening Post and Reader's Digest. From 1942 to 1946, Taylor served in the United States Navy during World War II. During his service, he wrote numerous stories and Adrift in a Boneyard as an extended fiction about survivors of a disaster. In 1949, The Saturday Evening Post commissioned a series of biographical sketches of W. C. Fields. He published them together as W. C. Fields: His Follies and Fortunes. He continued to write biographies, including one of Winston Churchill, as well as fiction. Taylor's 1958 novel The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters, about a fourteen-year-old and his father in the California gold rush, won the Pulitzer Prize and was purchased for a film, but eventually became a television series instead. A Journey to Matecumbe was adapted as the Disney TV movie, Treasure of Matecumbe in 1976. His novel Professor Fodorski served as the basis for the 1962 musical All American. His 1964 novel Two Roads to Guadalupe also was successful.
Samuel Eells (1810\u20131842) was a 19th-Century American philosopher, essayist and orator who founded the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity in 1832 at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York.
Lindsay Jean Wagner (born June 22, 1949) is an American actress. She is probably most widely known for her portrayal of Jaime Sommers in the 1970s television series The Bionic Woman (for which she won an Emmy award), though she has maintained a lengthy career in a variety of other film and television productions since.
Robert P. Linn (December 27, 1908&ndash;August 22, 2004) was the longest-serving mayor in the United States. Linn, a Republican, served 58 years as the mayor of Beaver, Pennsylvania, a borough around 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Pittsburgh. Linn was born in Burgettstown and grew up in Beaver. He worked for the Duquesne Light Company, and in 1945 was approached by a group of Republicans who wanted to defeat the incumbent mayor, a position then known as burgess. Initially, he did not want the job, but later gave in. Afterward he changed his mind, taking out a newspaper advertisement telling people to vote for his opponent. He won the election anyway, and took office on January 2, 1946. Linn continued to serve as mayor of the next five decades. The position's original salary was $2,500 per year. In 1995, he was officially listed in Guinness Book of World Records as the longest-serving mayor in the United States; in a 2002 interview, he said his major accomplishments in office was starting Streetscape, a town beautification project that replaced concrete sidewalks with red bricks and removed power lines from the main street. Linn died in his sleep at his home in 2004 at the age of 95 and in the middle of his fifteenth term. The town council appointed councilman Thomas Hamilton to replace him. He resided in a yellow apartment on Wilson Ave.
Ellen Henrietta (Swallow) Richards (December 3, 1842 &ndash; March 30, 1911) was the foremost female industrial and environmental chemist in the United States in the 1800s, pioneering the field of home economics. Richards was the first woman admitted to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and its first female instructor, the first woman in America accepted to any school of science and technology, and the first American woman to earn a degree in chemistry. Ellen was a \"pragmatic\" feminist, as well as a founding \"ecofeminist\" who believed that women's work within the home was a vital aspect of the economy.
LinkedIn is a business-oriented social networking site. Founded in December 2002 and launched in May 2003, it is mainly used for professional networking. As of 11 February 2010&#160;(2010 -02-11), LinkedIn had more than 60 million registered users, spanning more than 200 countries and territories worldwide.
Diana Canova (born Diana Rivero on June 1, 1953 in West Palm Beach, Florida) is an American actress best known for her role of nymphomaniac daughter Corinne Tate on Soap, a sitcom that parodied soap operas, between 1977 and 1980. Her professional last name is taken from the maiden name of her mother, actress and singer Judy Canova. Raised in the Greater Los Angeles Area, she is a graduate of Hollywood High School. In 1980, ABC executives offered Canova her own television series, starring alongside Danny Thomas in I'm a Big Girl Now. The show lasted just one season. Canova's acting career entered a slump for years before she was cast as Sandy Beatty in Throb!, a successful sitcom which was broadcast in syndication from 1986 to 1988. She played \"Jenny\" in a revival of Stephen Sondheim's musical Company in 1995. Canova spent a number of years as a member of the Church of Scientology, an organization she later began to criticize. She found the Scientologists straightforward in their desire for money, declaring in 1993 in a Premier magazine interview, \"The first time I walked in those doors, they said, 'Just give us all the money in your bank account. '\" She also criticized the Church's counseling practice called auditing, when she said \"They're telling you, 'Don't spend $100 an hour on a shrink's couch, it'll ruin your mind. ' Auditing is so much better?\" For the most part, Canova has retired from acting and is living in Connecticut. Her last role was in the 1998 movie One True Thing. She now works on various plays in Redding, Connecticut for JRMS and JBHS schools.
Yucatec Maya (Yukatek Maya in the revised orthography of the Academia de Lenguas Mayas de Guatemala), called M\u00E0aya t'\u00E0an (lit. \"Maya speech\") by its speakers, is a Mayan language spoken in the Yucat\u00E1n Peninsula, northern Belize and parts of Guatemala. To native speakers, it is known only as Maya - \"Yucatec\" is a tag linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages. In the Mexican states of Yucat\u00E1n, northern Campeche and Quintana Roo, Maya remains many speakers' first language today, with approximately 800,000 - 1.2 million speakers.
Vecepia Towery Robinson (born December 9, 1965 in Portland, Oregon) won $1,000,000 on the edition of Survivor. She is the first African American contestant to win Survivor's top prize.
HAL Computer Systems, Inc was a Campbell, California-based computer manufacturer. It was founded in 1990 by Andrew Heller, a principal designer of the original IBM POWER architecture. His idea was to build computers based on a RISC architecture for the commercial market. The company's intent to develop a high-performance microprocessor implementing the SPARC architecture prompted Fujitsu to fund the company in 1991. $40.2 million was invested in return for a 44% stake. As part of the deal: Fujitsu agreed to not increase their ownership of HAL. Fujitsu would fabricate HAL's microprocessor designs. Fujitsu would make its patents available to HAL. Fujitsu would manufacture some of the HAL machines, and market them in Asia. In return, HAL gave Fujitsu access to the technology it was developing. By this time, HAL had 140 employees. In mid-1993, Heller resigned from his position as the chairman and chief executive of HAL to become a consultant to Fujitsu Ltd. HAL said Heller had been for the six months prior to his resignation, developing roadmaps for Fujitsu and its subsidiaries ICL plc and Amdahl Corporation; and had been less involved with HAL's daily operation. There were suggestions that Fujitsu was dissatisfied with HAL's progress and their failure to introduce systems with their 64-bit processor, but the company had no comment on the suggestions. The position of president was taken by Scott Metcalf, who was also the chief operating officer. In November 1993, Fujitsu paid more than $50 million for the remaining 56% of HAL it did not own. HAL became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fujitsu. During the HAL's operation as an independent company, they were very secretive as to what they were developing. Initial systems were intended for a 1994 launch. The company produced multiple generations of computers based on their proprietary SPARC microprocessors. Their microprocessors combined out-of-order execution with mainframe-style reliability, availability and serviceability features. Their SPARC64 processor beat out Sun's UltraSPARC I by a few months to be the first 64-bit SPARC V9 microprocessor produced. Most of the sales of the company went to the Japanese market. Fujitsu closed the subsidiary in mid-2001. They later designed the SPARC64 II (previously known as the SPARC64+), SPARC64 III, SPARC64 IV microprocessors. They also designed a microprocessor that was cancelled when the division was closed by Fujitsu known as the SPARC64 V. Fujitsu would later develop a microprocessor with the same name.
Maxwell \"Mac\" Dane (June 7, 1906&ndash;August 8, 2004) was an American advertising executive and co-founder of the Doyle Dane Bernbach agency. For advertising against U.S. presidential candidate Barry Goldwater in 1964, he became one of the original 20 people mentioned on Nixon's Enemies List. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Dane began his advertising career in his mid-teens, working as secretary to the manager of advertising at Stern Bros. in New York, and later as retail promotion manager at the New York Evening Post. Subsequently, he worked as advertising and promotion manager at Look magazine, where he met James \"Ned\" Doyle. In 1941, Dane began work as advertising promotion manager for the New York radio station WMCA. During World War II, he arranged for The New York Times to air news bulletins at the top of each hour, an innovative idea for radio at the time. In 1944, Dane opened a small advertising agency bearing his name, Maxwell Dane, Inc. The short-lived agency was closed in 1949 when Dane founded Doyle Dane Bernbach (DDB) with James Doyle, and Doyle's friend William Bernbach. When DDB, then considered a predominantly Democratic firm, produced the 1964 television commercial \"Daisy\" in support of Lyndon Johnson's Presidential campaign, Dane was added to Nixon's Enemies List with the remark: The top Democratic advertising firm -- they destroyed Goldwater in '64. They should be hit hard starting with Dane. At DDB Dane oversaw finance and public relations functions, later becoming the chairman of the executive committee, secretary and treasurer. He retired from DDB in 1971. After a brief illness, Dane died in his New York home on August 8, 2004. Dane is survived by his wife Esther, his son Henry Dane, four grandchildren; Abraham, Michael, Marion and Samuel, and five great grandchildren.
James Sheakley (April 24, 1829 \u2013 December 11, 1917) was an American Democratic politician who was the Governor of the District of Alaska from 1893 to 1897. He was also a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from 1875 to 1877.
Boney James, (born James Oppenheim, September 1, 1961 in Lowell, Massachusetts) is a saxophonist, songwriter and producer who popularized urban jazz (an updated version of contemporary jazz that contains elements of R&amp;B and hip-hop). He is one of the most successful instrumental artists of our time, with sales totaling over 3 million records. Boney James is a three-time Grammy Award nominee (Best Pop Instrumental Album, 2001 and 2004, and Best Traditional R&amp;B Performance, 2009) and a Soul Train Award winner (Best Jazz Album). He has also been honored with an NAACP Image Award nomination for Best Jazz Album. He has accumulated four RIAA certified Gold records. His current and twelfth CD, Send One Your Love, spent 8 consecutive weeks at #1 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz charts. 8 of James' albums have reached #1 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz Chart and 2 have reached the top 10 on the R&amp;B Albums Chart, a rare feat for an Instrumental Artist. In 2000 he collaborated with trumpeter Rick Braun on an album called Shake it Up. Their duets include \"Grazin' in the Grass,\" which had been previously performed by the Friends of Distinction and Hugh Masekela. Other artists who have made guest appearances on Boney's records include Faith Evans, George Benson, Dwele, Al Jarreau, Philip Bailey, Anthony Hamilton, Jaheim, Eric Benet, Dave Hollister and Angie Stone.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 232 (VMFA-232) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Nicknamed the \"Red Devils\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW). The squadron is also attached to Carrier Air Wing 11 and deploys with them onboard the USS Nimitz. The Red Devils are the oldest and most decorated fighter squadron in the Marine Corps.
Foundry Networks, Inc. was a networking hardware vendor selling high-end Ethernet switches and routers. The company was founded in 1996 by Bobby R. Johnson, Jr. and was headquartered in Santa Clara, California, USA. In its first year the company operated under the names Perennium Networks and StarRidge Networks, but by January 1997 the name Foundry Networks was adopted. Foundry Networks designed, manufactured and sold high-end enterprise and service provider switches and routers, as well as wireless, security, and traffic management solutions. It was best known for its Layer 2 &amp; 3 Ethernet switches. Foundry Networks was the first company to build and ship a gigabit Ethernet switch in 1997; to build a Layer 3 switch, also in 1997; to build the first Layer 4-7 switch in 1998 and to include 10 gigabit Ethernet single connectors in its boxes (since 2001). Foundry Networks' product lines consisted of the BigIron, EdgeIron, FastIron, IronPoint, IronView, NetIron, SecureIron, and ServerIron. According to a Dell\u2019Oro report published in Q106, Foundry Networks ranked number 4 in a total market share of over US$3,659 million, and its ServerIron application switch ranks number 1 in the world for total port shipments.
Joel Abbot (January 18, 1793 \u2013 December 14, 1855) was a U.S. naval officer who served notably in the War of 1812, and commanded a squadron during Commodore Perry's 1852 visit to Japan.
Lee Ann Meriwether (born May 27, 1935) is Miss America 1955, and an American actress, appearing primarily in movies, and television. The brunette Meriwether is known as Buddy Ebsen's daughter-in-law and for her role as his crime-solving partner, Betty Jones, in the long-running 1970s crime drama, Barnaby Jones, and as John Schuck's long-haired wife, Lily Munster, in the popular 1990s sitcom, The Munsters Today. Meriwether currently has a recurring role as Ruth Martin on the daytime soap opera, All My Children.
The Last Hurrah is a 1956 novel written by Edwin O'Connor. It is considered the most popular of O\u2019Connor's works, partly because of a significant 1958 movie adaptation starring Spencer Tracy. The novel when published was immediately a bestseller in the United States and stayed so for 20 weeks and on bestseller lists for the year it was published. The Last Hurrah, which won the Atlantic Prize, was also highlighted by the Book-of-the-Month Club and Reader's Digest. The Last Hurrah received very positive critical reviews, including an \"ecstatic\" one from the New York Times Book Review.
Hot Water Music is a punk rock band from Gainesville, Florida. The members of the band are Chuck Ragan, Chris Wollard, Jason Black, and George Rebelo. HWM first formed in 1993. In 1996, after releasing two EPs and a full-length album, the band briefly disbanded, but soon reformed, announcing their continuation as Hot Water Music at the concert recorded for Live at the Hardback. In late 2005, Hot Water Music stated they were going on a hiatus following Chuck Ragan's departure to care for his family. On May 13, 2006 however, the hiatus became permanent and Hot Water Music officially disbanded. The three remaining members have started a new project, The Draft, whose first album, In a Million Pieces, was released on September 12, 2006. Chuck Ragan also continues with a more low-key music career, releasing material through No Idea Records and Side One Dummy Records. He is currently signed to the latter. Hot Water Music's sound is characterized by the dual vocalists, improvised guitar playing and an extremely tight and complex rhythm section. The rhythm section drives the music in a rather spritzy manner that is influenced by, yet not necessarily congruous with, the spritzy rock and roll of the 90's Tampa, Florida music scene. Hot Water Music's unique semi-spritzy, or perhaps \"tonic,\" style was developed by bassist Jason Black and drummer George Rebelo throughout their youth, when they grew up playing jazz together in Sarasota, Florida. In the band's early records, Chuck would sing the majority of the songs with Chris doing backing vocals, and sometimes lead vocals. Later, the vocalists would perform in a duet fashion, which some would argue is their best work, whereas on the later records, Chris Wollard would handle most of the vocals, with Chuck doing backups and a share of his own songs. Ragan's voice is a deeper and raspier voice, whereas Wollard's is more high pitched and melodic, though both vocalists are very dynamic and can sing softer. A collection of Hot Water Music work on No Idea records has been released, titled Till the Wheels Fall Off . It was released on CD and on LP. According to Jason Black in an interview with Alternative Press, the compilation will feature \"a song [called \"Home\"] that hasn't come out anywhere... it was one of two that didn't make it [onto The New What Next]. \" The band's name was taken from the book by Charles Bukowski of the same name. The band members have also participated in many side projects. The three most popular of these are Blacktop Cadence, Unitas and Rumbleseat.
Control Denied was a band formed by the late Chuck Schuldiner to create progressive/power metal, mixed with elements of death metal recognizable in his earlier band Death. The band started in 1996 as Schuldiner wanted to procure a more melodic style than was possible with Death. The project was interrupted by Death's release The Sound of Perseverance in 1998, but finally the debut album was released in 1999. A second album, tentatively titled When Machine and Man Collide, was partly recorded, but the death of Schuldiner in 2001 put the recordings on hold. Remaining band members have expressed a wish to complete and release the material. However, there existed a longstanding legal dispute over the rights of the material with Karmageddon Media, further postponing the completion and release of the album. Part of these incomplete recordings were released without authorization in the Zero Tolerance two-part bootlegs of Chuck's B-sides and unreleased tracks. However, Schuldiner Estate lawyer Eric Greif settled all matters with the label by December 2009, allowing for the possibility of completing the album. It was recently posted chuck-schuldiner. org that the 2nd unreleased Control Denied album will soon be released. \"This is an important project not only to the fans who have been waiting years for all of the 'red tape' to disintegrate, but also for Chuck's long time close friend &amp; drummer, Richard Christy and other band members, Chuck's family and the entire international metal music community. \" The Schuldiner family hopes to release the second album around May 13, 2010 (which would have been Chuck's 43rd birthday).
WebEx Communications Inc. is a Cisco company that provides on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web conferencing and videoconferencing applications. Its products include Meeting Center, Training Center, Event Center, Support Center, Sales Center, MeetMeNow, PCNow, WebEx AIM Pro Business Edition, WebEx WebOffice, WebEx Connect, and others. According to analyst firm IDC, WebEx is an on-demand market leader.
Stephen W. Leigh (born 1951) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer, artist, and musician. He also works as an assistant professor at Northern Kentucky University, teaching creative writing. Steve Leigh lives in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Wilbert James Tinkler was a farmer and politician in Manitoba, Canada. He served as president of the province's Manitoba Social Credit Party for at least some of the period between 1947 to 1959, and ran several times at the provincial and federal levels as a Social Credit candidate. Tinkler became the president of the Social Credit league at a time when it had only a minimal presence in the legislature, and a weak provincial organization. The party had joined the governing coalition of Premier John Bracken in 1940, and its parliamentary representation was subsequently regarded as little more than an adjunct to the province's Liberal-Conservative government. Several figures within the party had campaigned against the alliance in 1941, but all were defeated. The party's organization subsequently collapsed, and it offered no candidates for election in 1949. Social Credit did not have an official political leader between 1941 and at least 1959. Tinkler, as its leading official for most of this period, was not a prominent public figure, though he did help reconstruct some semblance of a provincial network for the party. He was replaced as party president by S.S. Hunt of Dauphin in late June 1953, but appears to have regained this title later in the decade. Tinkler continued to work in the party after Jacob Froese became its official leader following the 1959 election. Tinkler outlined his basic political philosophy during a speech in the 1953 provincial election. He claimed to follow four principles: (i) the individual is the most important aspect of God's creation, (ii) government should bring the people the results they want, (iii) security must be accompanied by freedom, and (iv) that which is physically possible and desirable must be made financially possible . These principles are consistent with Social Credit's radical ideology on monetary issues, and its basic conservatism on most other issues. The Social Credit League of Manitoba did not field any candidates in the 1959 provincial election. Tinkler endorsed the Liberal candidate in the Morris constituency, and was censured by the party executive for so doing. He claimed he was simply endorsing a local candidate, and that his actions did not reflect official Social Credit policy. Tinkler ran for federal and provincial office on six occasions: Macdonald, 1945 (federal); 1235 votes Morris, 1953 (provincial); 844 votes Provencher, 1953 (federal); 1269 votes Provencher, 1958 (federal); 1363 votes Morris, 1962 (provincial); 609 votes Provencher, 1965 (federal); 1195 votes
Brien McMahon (born James O'Brien McMahon, October 6, 1903 \u2013 July 28, 1952) was an American lawyer and politician who served in the United States Senate from 1945 to 1952. McMahon was a major figure in the establishment of the Atomic Energy Commission, through his authorship of the Atomic Energy Act of 1946. McMahon served as chairman of the Special Committee on Atomic Energy, and the first chairman of the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy. McMahon was a key figure in the early years of atomic weapons development and an advocate for the civilian control of nuclear development in the USA. Also, in 1952, McMahon proposed an \"army\" of young Americans to act as \"missionaries of democracy\", which sowed the seeds for what would later become the Peace Corps. McMahon was born James O'Brien McMahon in 1903 in Norwalk, Connecticut. McMahon graduated Fordham University in 1924. and then Yale University Law School, New Haven, Connecticut in 1927. McMahon changed his name to Brien McMahon the same year as being admitted to the bar. McMahon began a practice in Norwalk and later served as a judge in the city, appointed to the position by Connecticut Governor Wilbur Cross. However, McMahon quickly resigned to become special assistant to the Attorney General of the United States in 1933. Attorney General Homer Cummings was also from Connecticut. McMahon in 1935 was appointed as United States Assistant Attorney General overseeing the Department of Justice's Criminal Division. Among prominent cases McMahon was associated with in the Criminal Division were the prosecutions of \"John Dillinger's lawyer, Louis Piquette (for harboring a criminal) and the trials of gangsters associated with 'Baby Face' Nelson. However, the case which elevated McMahon to national renown and laid the foundation for his political career, was the Harlan County Coal Miner's case ... [,] a landmark trial as the first effort to uphold the Wagner National Labor Relations Act, i.e. , to enforce the right of labor to form unions. The case became most famous, however, not for the legal principles at stake, but for the violence and scandal that surrounded the trial. [And, d]espite [a] disappointing outcome of the case, ... McMahon ... received wide public recognition and a reputation as a courageous and honest upholder of justice, both of which would further his political ambitions,\" according to a biography accompanying the introduction to his papers, held by Georgetown University library. In 1939, McMahon left government service and resumed his law practice. In February of 1940 McMahon married Rosemary Turner, and they had a daughter, Patricia. McMahon mounted a successful campaign for a Connecticut United States Senate seat in 1944, defeating incumbent John Danaher, with internationalism (McMahon) v. isolationism (Danaher) a major point of debate. McMahon was reelected in 1950 and served until his death in Washington, D.C. in 1952, aged 48. McMahon is buried in St. Mary\u2019s Cemetery in Norwalk. In 1952, before being diagnosed with what would become his fatal cancer, McMahon launched a campaign for the presidency, with the \"campaign slogan ... 'The Man is McMahon' and his main platform ... to insure world peace through fear of atomic weapons. \" A commemorative stamp honoring Brien McMahon and his role in opening the way to peaceful uses of atomic energy was issued by the United States on July 28, 1962 at Norwalk, Connecticut. The stamp features a portrait of McMahon facing a rendition of an atomic symbol. Brien McMahon High School, in Norwalk, is named after him. Brien McMahon Hall, a residence hall at the University of Connecticut in Storrs, also bears his name. Footage of McMahon is included in the 1982 documentary \"Atomic Cafe\" giving a speech urging a reasoned response to the acquisition of atomic weapons contrasting with the more McCarthyite speeches of Republican Senators Owen Brewster, Richard Nixon and Democratic Representative Lloyd Bentson.
John Hardin (1753&ndash;1792) was a Continental Army officer in the American Revolutionary War and a Kentucky militia commander in the Northwest Indian War. He was killed while serving as an emissary in the latter war.
Andrew Hunter Holmes (died August 4, 1814) was an American army officer in the War of 1812. Victorious as a captain at the Battle of Longwoods in Upper Canada, he was promoted to major but killed on Mackinac Island in the Battle of Mackinac Island. Holmes County, Ohio is named for him. His descendants moved to Canada shortly after his death. One of his living descendants is named after him and living in Atlantic Canada.
The milanesa is a common meat dish mostly in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay as well as in other American countries to a\u00A0lesser extent, such as Mexico, where breaded meat fillet preparations are known as a milanesa (In Portuguese, the beef version is called bife \u00E0 milanesa and the chicken version is called frango \u00E0 milanesa). The milanesa was brought to the Southern Cone of South America from Central European immigrants, its name reflecting the original Milanese preparation cotoletta alla milanese, which is similar to the Austrian wiener schnitzel. A milanesa consists of a thin slice of beef, or sometimes chicken or veal. Each slice is dipped into beaten eggs, seasoned with salt, and other condiments according to the cook's taste. Each slice is then dipped in breadcrumbs and shallow-fried in oil, one at a time. Some people prefer to use very little oil and then bake them in the oven as a healthier alternative.
Richard Butler (April 1, 1743 \u2013 November 4, 1791) was an officer in the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War who later died fighting American Indians in Ohio.
William Joseph Green, III, (born June 24, 1938), the son of U.S. Representative William J. Green, Jr. , was elected at the minimum age permitted, twenty-five, to the United States House of Representatives in a special election in April 1964, called following the death of Green's father in December 1963.
Johnny Tremain, a 1943 children's novel by Esther Forbes, retells in narrative form events in Boston prior to and during the outbreak of the American Revolution. The novel's themes include apprenticeship, courtship, sacrifice, human rights, and the growing tension between Whigs and Tories as conflict nears. Events described in the novel include the Boston Tea Party, the British blockade of the Port of Boston, the midnight ride of Paul Revere, and the Battles of Lexington and Concord. The book won the 1944 Newbery Medal and is the 16th bestselling children's book as of the year 2000 in the United States, according to Publishers Weekly. A film adaptation, also called Johnny Tremain, was made in 1957 by Walt Disney Pictures.
William Sharp Bush was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the War of 1812. Born in Wilmington, Delaware, Bush was appointed Second Lieutenant in the Marine Corps on July 3, 1809. He lost his life while serving aboard Constitution, when he fell mortally wounded while attempting to board the frigate Guerriere on August 19, 1812. He was posthumously awarded a silver medal by the United States Congress. His silver medal was presented to his nearest male relative, Lewis Bush Jackson, in early 1835.
Patricia Wettig (born December 4, 1951) is an American actress and playwright. She is best known for her roles in the television series Thirtysomething, Prison Break and Brothers &amp; Sisters. In film, she is known for her role in City Slickers.
Clarence Frederick Leary (11 January 1894 &ndash; 20 July 1918) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I.
Fred Debrecen is a fringe politician and political activist in Manitoba, Canada. He has been involved with radical and far-right groups for several years, most notably in the anti-bilingualism movement. Debrecen worked for the Manitoba Telephone System for more than thirty years. He has described himself as a \"market analyst\", and was a prominent early supporter of the Manitoba Confederation of Regions Party during the province's debates over the legal entrenchments of French-language services in the mid-1980s. On two occasions, he was ordered to paint over anti-French slogans on his fence. He ran as a candidate of the federal Confederation of Regions Party in the 1984 election, receiving 830 votes in the riding of Winnipeg\u2014St. James. The winning candidate, Progressive Conservative George Minaker, received over 12,000 votes. For the provincial campaign of 1986, Debrecen started an organization known as One Nation, One Language Inc. (ONOLI), which circulated petitions calling for a unilingual English Canada. He ran in the provincial riding of St. James, and received 175 votes for a distant fourth-place finish. Debrecen was a delegate at the founding convention of the Reform Party of Canada in October-November 1987. He ran again in St. James in the 1988 provincial election, this time falling to 137 votes. A third campaign in the same riding in the 1990 election netted him only 122 votes. Debrecen also ran for Mayor of Winnipeg in 1989, receiving 1647 votes and finishing eighth out of ten candidates. In 1988, Debrecen told a tribunal examining issues of native justice in Manitoba that aboriginal Canadians are unwilling to work and expect white Canadians to pay for their survival. He also claimed that a pipe ceremony at the beginning of the tribunal was an insult to Canada's history as a \"Christian British nation\". (Vancouver Sun, 15 September 1988) He also spoke out against the closing of the Roblin Hotel, a men-only beer establishment in Winnipeg in 1990. \"A man can't live in the style he chooses,\" he was quoted as saying. \"Men-only beer parlors are what built this country. \" (Vancouver Province, 30 March 1990) Facing a serious decline in membership, the Manitoba CoR changed its name to the Manitoba Reform Party in 1991. Debrecen was named as the new party's leader, although a newspaper report from this period indicates that did not grant interviews to the press (Calgary Herald, 18 April 1991). The following year, Debrecen became one of only two candidates ever to run under the Manitoba Reform Party banner, in a by-election held in Portage La Prairie. He improved his vote total to 388, but still placed last among four candidates. He has not run for federal or provincial office since this time.
Edna May Oliver (November 9 1883 \u2013 November 9 1942) was an American film actress. During the 1930s, she was one of the American screen's best-known character actresses often playing tart-tongued spinsters.
Commander James Harmon Ward (25 September 1806 \u2013 27 June 1861) was the first officer of the United States Navy killed during the American Civil War.
Whitney Smith (b. February 26, 1940) is a professional vexillologist, i.e. , scholar of flags. The term vexillology, coined by him in 1958 in the article Flags of the Arab World, refers to the scholarly analysis of all aspects of flags. In 1961 Dr. Smith and colleague Gerhard Grahl cofounded The Flag Bulletin, the world's first journal about flags. The following year Dr. Smith established the Flag Research Center in Winchester, Massachusetts. He continues to serve as its director and as editor of its bimonthly journal The Flag Bulletin (ISSN 0015-3370). Dr. Smith was born in Arlington, Massachusetts. He received his AB from Harvard University and his MA and PhD from Boston University. He was instructor and assistant professor of political science at Boston University from 1964 to 1970. Dr. Smith worked with Klaes Sierksma to organize the First International Congress of Vexillology (Muiderberg, Netherlands) in 1965. They joined Louis M\u00FChlemann in founding the F\u00E9d\u00E9ration internationale des associations vexillologiques (FIAV), which was formally inaugurated in 1969. Dr. Smith was also responsible for founding the North American Vexillological Association (NAVA) in 1967. Dr. Smith has written 27 books on the subject of flags, notably Flags Through the Ages and Across the World, The Flag Book of the United States, and Flag Lore of all Nations. Smith was the designer of the national flag of Guyana and has served as a vexillographer (flag designer) to a number of governments and organizations. In 1981 Smith was part of a committee who developed the flag of Bonaire. NAVA's annual Whitney Award for outstanding contribution to North American vexillology is named in Dr. Smith's honor.
Inspection 12 is a pop punk band from Jacksonville, Florida.
Tengen was a video game publisher and developer that was created by arcade game manufacturer Atari Games. Atari had been split into two distinct companies. Atari Corporation was responsible for computer and console games and hardware and owned the rights to the Atari brand for these domains. Atari Games was formed from Atari's arcade division, and were able to use the Atari name on arcade releases but not on console or computer games. When Atari Games wanted to enter the console-game market, it needed to create a new label that did not use the Atari name. The new subsidiary was dubbed Tengen, which in the Japanese game Go refers to the central point of the board (the word \"Atari\" comes from the same game). Tengen then made an agreement with Namco to bring some of their Famicom games to the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America (Namco did not have a North American branch until 1993 and before that had to rely on other companies to release their games outside of Japan). They also released games by Sunsoft (another developer without a North American branch). Tengen unsuccessfully tried to negotiate with Nintendo for a less restrictive license (Nintendo restricted their licensees to releasing only five games per year, and required their games to be NES-exclusive for two years). Nintendo refused, so in December 1987 Tengen agreed to the standard licensing terms. In 1988, Tengen released its first and only three cartridges licensed through Nintendo\u2014RBI Baseball, Pac-Man and Gauntlet. Meanwhile, Tengen secretly worked to bypass Nintendo's lock-out chip called 10NES that gave it control over which games were published for the NES. While numerous manufacturers managed to override this chip by zapping it with a voltage spike, Tengen engineers feared this could potentially damage NES consoles and expose them to unnecessary liability. The other problem was that Nintendo made frequent modifications to the NES to prevent this technique from working. Instead the company chose to reverse engineer the chip and decipher the code required to unlock it. However, the engineers were unable to do so, and the launch date for its first batch of games was rapidly approaching. With time running short, Tengen turned to the United States Copyright Office. Its lawyers contacted the government office to request a copy of the Nintendo lock-out program, claiming that the company needed it for potential litigation against Nintendo. Once obtained, it used the program to create its own chip that would unlock the NES. When Tengen launched the unlicensed versions of its games, Nintendo immediately sued Tengen for copyright and patent infringement. In the initial phases of trial, the court sided with Nintendo, but the sides settled before the matter was fully resolved. Tengen faced another court challenge with Nintendo in 1989 in copyright controversy over Tetris. Tengen lost this suit as well and was forced to recall what was estimated to be hundreds of thousands of unsold cartridges (having sold only about 50,000). Despite its problems with Nintendo, Tengen went on to produce games for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, Sega Master System, Sega Game Gear, Sega CD, Atari Lynx, and NEC Turbo Grafx-16. The company also published games for home computers such as the Amiga and the Atari ST. It was best-known for its ports of popular Atari arcade games, including Klax, Hard Drivin', STUN Runner, and Paperboy, although they published many other titles as well. In 1993, after Time Warner bought a controlling stake in Atari Games, the Tengen name was discontinued and home games were now released under the Time Warner Interactive (TWI) brand.
Lieutenant Peter Gamble (about 1790&ndash;11 September 1814) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812. Born in Bordentown, New Jersey, Gamble was appointed midshipman 16 January 1809 and served on Thomas Macdonough's flagship Saratoga in the Battle of Lake Champlain. He was killed in action while in the act of sighting his gun 11 September 1814. Macdonough deplored Gamble's loss and commended his gallantry in action. USS Gamble (DD-123) was named for him and his brother, Lieutenant Colonel John M. Gamble.
Fitz Babbitt (about 1785 - 15 January 1815) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812. Babbitt was appointed a Midshipman in 1804 and served on board Nautilus, Adams, and President. Lieutenant Babbitt was killed in action on board President during the engagement with HMS Endymim and Pomana on 15 January 1815.
Empress Farah Pahlavi of Iran is the widow of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the late Shah of Iran, and only Empress of modern Iran. She was the Queen consort of Iran 1959\u20131967, and the Empress consort since 1967 (exiled since 1979). Though the titles and distinctions of the Iranian Imperial Family were abolished by the new government, Her Imperial Majesty is often styled Empress or Shahbanu, out of courtesy, by the foreign media as well as by supporters of the monarchy. It must also however be noted that some coutries such as the United States of America, Denmark, Spain and Germany still address the former Empress as Her Imperial Majesty, the Shahbanu of Iran in official documents, for example Royal wedding guest lists.
Steven Hanson Blake is an American professional basketball player at the point guard position who plays for the Los Angeles Clippers of the NBA. Previously, he played for the Washington Wizards, Milwaukee Bucks, Denver Nuggets and Portland Trail Blazers.
Cyril Ritchard (1 December 1897 \u2013 18 December 1977) was an Australian stage, screen and television actor, and director. He is probably best remembered today for his campy performance as Captain Hook in the Mary Martin musical production of Peter Pan.
June Sheldon Jones, III (born February 19, 1953 in Portland, Oregon) is an American football coach, formerly with the Atlanta Falcons and the University of Hawai&#x2bb;i. He became head coach at Southern Methodist University on January 7, 2008.
Norman Scott (August 10, 1889 &ndash; November 13, 1942) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy, and was one of only two U.S. Navy admirals killed in action during a surface battle in World War II. Scott posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Pacific Theater of World War II.
Admiral Richmond Kelly Turner (May 27, 1885 &ndash; February 12, 1961) served in the United States Navy during World War II.
Treat Her Right was a blues rock and low rock group formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1984. The band featured Mark Sandman on guitar, Billy Conway on drums, Dave Champagne on guitar, and Jim Fitting on harmonica. Singing and songwriting duties were shared by all but Conway. In addition to being the forerunner to the popular indie-low rock band Morphine, Treat Her Right is often credited with helping to spawn the punk-blues hybrid (sometimes dubbed cowpunk, among other titles) that achieved prominence in the early 2000s.
Sly Fox was a short-lived 1980s pop duo consisting of Gary \"Mudbone\" Cooper, an African American funk session musician and former vocalist with Parliament-Funkadelic, and Michael Camacho, a Puerto Rican-accented vocalist. The duo was assembled by British producer Ted Currier and presented as wholesome, clean living teen idols, an image that contrasted sharply with the perceived sexual connotation of the title of their lone hit. The group's sole album Let's Go All the Way was released on Capitol Records in 1985, and the title track \"Let's Go All the Way\" became a Top 10 hit in both the U.S. and UK the following year. Propelled by an unusual, mechanical-sounding \"zhum zhum zinna-ninny\" spoken rhythm and deadpan vocals from Camacho, the song sounded more like the moody New Wave music of Depeche Mode than any of Cooper's earlier funky collaborations. The song's title was often interpreted as a euphemism for sexual intercourse, though nothing else in the lyrics hinted at anything carnal. The lyrics resemble Phil Collins's rock-oriented efforts of the era, echoing a sense of frustration and disillusionment with an increasingly violent and dehumanizing world. The follow-up singles \"Stay True\" and \"Don't Play With Fire\" marked a return to their clean-cut teen idol image, but these sold poorly. Since the dissolution of the band, Michael Camacho has concentrated on jazz music singing, \u00E0 la Michael Buble and Tony Bennett, and he recently released his solo album Just For You. Meanwhile, Gary \"Mudbone\" Cooper has also remained involved in the music business. His most recent album, Fresh Mud, is a collaboration with Dave Stewart that combines diverse musical styles such as blues and rap.
Shinedown is an American hard rock band from Jacksonville, Florida, formed in 2001 and founded by members Brent Smith, Brad Stewart, Jasin Todd, and Barry Kerch. The group has released three albums on Atlantic Records. They have issued popular singles such as \"45\", \"Heroes\", \"Save Me\", \"Devour\", \"Sound of Madness\", \"Second Chance\", and \"If You Only Knew\". All of their eleven singles to date have climbed into the Top 5 of the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, making them the first to accomplish the feat. Shinedown's musical influences are Otis Redding, Pink Floyd, Queen, Led Zeppelin, Soundgarden, Iron Maiden, Stone Temple Pilots, and Lynyrd Skynyrd. Shinedown has sold over 6 million albums worldwide.
Franklin Van Valkenburgh (April 5, 1888 &ndash; December 7, 1941) was the last captain of the USS Arizona. He was killed when the Arizona exploded and sank during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Chris Brown is an American soccer midfielder and forward who plays for Portland Timbers of USL-1. Brown is an alum of Jesuit High School in Portland Oregon where he played soccer under the guidance of Dave Nicholas, varsity coach for the Crusaders. Brown played college soccer at the University of Portland from 1995 to 1998, scoring a total of 33 goals in his four years there, and being awarded for the MAC Award as a senior. Upon graduating, Brown was selected fifth overall in the 1999 MLS College Draft by the Kansas City Wizards. He immediately earned a spot in the Wizards rotation as a rookie, playing in 28 games and starting 19, while scoring four goals and three assists. He saw reduced playing time in 2000 after the Wizards' acquisition of Miklos Molnar, appearing in 22 games but only registering one assist; he did, however, make four appearances, two of them starts, assisting Kansas City in winning their first MLS Cup. Brown regained his starting spot in 2001, and would fluctuate between being a starter and a valuable substitute for Kansas City for the next three years. However, during the 2003 season, the Wizards traded Brown along with Dario Fabbro to the New England Revolution in exchange for Wolde Harris and Jorge Vazquez. In his first start there, Brown's explosive scoring yielded him a hat-trick. However, he was traded again during the 2003 off-season to the San Jose Earthquakes the then reigning MLS champions, making it difficult for Brown to displace veteran team members and capture a starting position. In San Jose, he finished the season with two goals and one assist in eleven appearances. When the MLS announced two expansion teams, Brown was recruited by John Ellinger inaugural coach of Real Salt Lake to come and play for him there where he has remained a versatile and consistent starter. He was waived at the end of 2007 and signed for USL-1 side Portland Timbers in January, 2008. In January 2009, Chris Brown announced his retirement from playing professional soccer.
Chimichurri or Chimmichurri is a kind of green sauce, though there is a red version as well, also used as a marinade, for grilled meat. It is originally from Argentina and Uruguay, but is also used in countries as far as Nicaragua and Mexico.
Frances Trollope (10 March 1780 &ndash; 6 October 1863) was an English novelist and miscellaneous writer who published as Mrs. Trollope or Mrs. Frances Trollope. Her detractors diminished her reputation by making the common name used for her the overly familiar and slightly vulgar diminutive Fanny Trollope. Her third son was Anthony Trollope, the well-known novelist. Her eldest son, Thomas Adolphus Trollope, wrote The Girlhood of Catherine de Medici, History of Florence', What I Remember, Life of Pius IX, and some novels.
Blackfoot is a Southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida formed in 1970. Though they are a Southern rock band, at their peak, they were more popular as a hard rock band. They had a number of hit albums in the 1970s and early 1980s (including Strikes, Tomcattin' and Marauder . The original lineup broke apart by late 1985, though not before former Uriah Heep keyboardist/songwriter Ken Hensley had joined the group during their last couple of years together.
Samuel Booker Roberts, Jr. (12 May 1921 &ndash; 27 September 1942) was a U.S. Navy coxswain who was killed in the Battle of Guadalcanal, and became the namesake of three U.S. Navy warships. Roberts was born in San Francisco, California, on May 12, 1921. He enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve in 1939 and was called to active duty in 1940. Roberts served aboard the USS California (BB-44) and the transport USS Heywood (AP-12), before being transferred to the troop transport USS Bellatrix (AK-20, later AKA-20). In 1942, Bellatrix was assigned to Task Group Four and became part of the Guadalcanal Assault Force. As a coxswain for the Bellatrix's assault boats, Roberts helped ferry supplies from the transport ships to a tenuous beachhead. After the ships withdrew in the face of Japanese attacks that began 7 August 1942, Roberts volunteered for duty on the island of Guadalcanal, where he was attached to a Beachmaster unit at Lunga Point. The unit, which included Navy and United States Coast Guard sailors, transported Marines and their supplies to beaches along the island's northern coast, and also evacuated wounded Marines. Early on the morning of 27 September 1942, Roberts volunteered for a rescue mission to save a company-size unit of Marines that had been surrounded by a larger Japanese force. The rescue group of several Higgins boats was taken under heavy fire and was perilously close to failure. Roberts volunteered to distract Japanese forces by guiding his boat directly in front of their lines, drawing their fire. This decoy act was performed effectively until all Marines had been evacuated. However, as he was about to withdraw from the range of the Japanese guns, Roberts\u2019 boat was hit and he was mortally wounded. His boatmates brought him back to base and he was flown out on a medical evacuation flight, but died the next day. Roberts was awarded the Navy Cross for his valor in the face of enemy fire.
Courtney Jason Alexander (born April 27, 1977 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American professional basketball player, formerly in the NBA. After playing high school basketball at Masuk High School in Monroe, CT he moved to Durham, North Carolina to play for C. E. Jordan High School to finish his high school career, Alexander, a shooting guard, was selected by the Orlando Magic with the 13th overall pick in the 2000 NBA Draft after he played college basketball at University of Virginia and Fresno State; his rights were traded to the Dallas Mavericks on the same day. He led the nation in scoring in the 1999-2000 season at Fresno State. He played for the Mavericks before being traded during his rookie season to the Washington Wizards where he played until 2002. He was named to the All-Rookie 2nd Team. He was then traded in the offseason to the New Orleans Hornets. A highlight of his career was a 33-point effort for the Wizards against the Toronto Raptors on April 18, 2001 when Richard Hamilton was out with injuries. He later signed with the Sacramento Kings but was released before ever playing a game for them. On October 8, 2006, Alexander was signed by the Denver Nuggets after being out of the league for three seasons, but was waived on October 15.
Thayer David (born David Thayer Hersey, March 4, 1927 &ndash; July 17, 1978) was a film and television actor. He was best known for his work on the cult ABC serial Dark Shadows (1966\u20131971) and as the fight promoter George Jergens in the Oscar-winning movie Rocky in 1976. His most memorable film role was as Count Arne Saknussem in the film Journey to the Center of the Earth in 1959. His raspy distinctive voice narrated many voice-overs in commercials and narrations of instructional films and commercials. He usually played villains; especially the big bossman.
Mansfield Club Grounds, also known as Mansfield Park and Fort Hill Grounds, is a former baseball ground located in Middletown, Connecticut. The ground was home to the Middletown Mansfields baseball club during the 1872 season.
Molly Hatchet is an American southern rock band formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1975. They are widely known for their hit song \"Flirtin' with Disaster\" from the album of the same title. The band, founded by Dave Hlubek and Steve Holland, took its name from a prostitute who allegedly mutilated and decapitated her clients.
Simon L. Leis, Jr. (born June, 1934) is a lawyer and local official from Cincinnati, Ohio. He has served as County Prosecutor for Hamilton County from 1971-1983, a judge in the court of Common Pleas (1983-1987), and has been the County's Sheriff since 1987. Leis' father, Simon Sr. , was a judge in Common Pleas Court. The younger Leis graduated from St. Xavier High School in 1952. After he graduated from Xavier University, he served a stint in the U.S. Marines, then studied law in night courses at the Salmon P. Chase College of Law (now part of Northern Kentucky University). He was admitted to the bar and began the practice of law as an assistant in the prosecutor's office. In 1971 Simon was appointed the County Prosecutor to replace Melvin Reuger, who had resigned to become a judge. He won re-election three times and served until 1983. His term as prosecutor was marked by several events which raised his visibility. His 1974 disclosures during a prostitution investigation forced the resignation of City Councilman Jerry Springer (although Springer was elected again and later became mayor). Leis led two high-profile trials, both times earning a conviction, and both later overturned by appellate courts. In 1976 he convicted Cincinnati's Police Chief, Carl Goodin, for taking kick-backs. In 1977 he convicted Larry Flynt, the publisher of Hustler Magazine, on obscenity charges. This second case was basis for a 1996 movie, The People vs. Larry Flynt, in which his role was played by political operative James Carville.
Vince Vouyer, born John LaForme on June 1, 1966, in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States, is a pornographic actor (porn star) and director. He is sometimes credited as Vince, Vince Voyeur, Vince Voyer or Vince Voyuer. Vouyer moved to Los Angeles, California in 1989. He spent his first years in the western U.S. as a fork lift mechanic by day, and an adult strip dancer by night. He became involved in making pornographic movies after meeting porn starlet Alicia Rio at a party. He appeared in his first sex scene on March 13, 1994. He has appeared in over 1,000 adult films since his debut in 1994. When Vouyer first entered porn, he was known for several years for his very long hair, large penis size and chiseled body. These days he keeps a short hairstyle. For many years, he worked mainly for Anabolic and Diabolic, porn companies that are connected to each other. After leaving Anabolic/Diabolic, he directed his own line of videos for Red Light District Video. Red Light District is the company that distributed the Paris Hilton porn video titled 1 Night in Paris. A scene directed by Vince Vouyer was featured in the special features on the 1 Night in Paris DVD, and was also included in the VHS version. Vouyer left Red Light District in 2005 then sued Red Light District and the owner David Joseph who then settled out of court, paid Vouyer an undisclosed amount of money and returned all Vouyer's content to him. Vouyer then launched Vouyer Media with partner Steve Orenstein. Founded in late 2005, Vouyer Media produced gonzo DVDs shot in widescreen HD. Vouyer Media's stable of directors is headed up by Vince Vouyer and contract actor/director Jack Napier. After less than 12 months in business, the new company's Breakin' 'Em In #9 won the AVN Award for Best Pro-Am Release on January 13 at the 24th Annual AVN Awards Show, hosted by Jessica Drake at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. The movie also earned Best Anal Sex Scene - Video for Vouyer and Amy Ried. Other awards received during the company's first year include the Nightmoves Fans' Choice Award For Best New Production Company, and the Beverly Hills Outlook Award for Best Gonzo Release (for The Gauntlet). Vince Vouyer also has mainstream exposure because he sponsors some mixed martial arts fighters. The fighters he sponsors wear a logo on their clothing that advertises Vouyer's website.
Wild Boars is an American football club from Kragujevac, Serbia. As a team, Wild Boars arose from friendly tossing on the field. Organized play began in the winter of 2002/03 and culminated with first ever game in Serbia in spring 2003, which they won, against Vukovi Beograd. Since then, Wild Boars have won 3 national championships - 2004, 2006 and 2008, and participated in the final of the Serbian Cup in (2005)
John McCarthy (born 1953 in Medford, Massachusetts) is a linguist and professor in the Department of Linguistics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst with a speciality in phonology and morphology. He was educated at Harvard University and MIT and was responsible, along with Alan Prince, for extending autosegmental phonology, and later Optimality Theory, to morphology.
Anberlin is an American alternative rock band from Winter Haven, Florida, formed in 2002. Since the beginning of 2007, the band has consisted of lead vocalist Stephen Christian, bassist Deon Rexroat, lead guitarist Joseph Milligan, drummer Nathan Young and rhythm guitarist Christian McAlhaney. Members of Anberlin originally formed a band under the name SaGoh 24/7 in the late 1990s, releasing two studio albums before disbanding, with the members having a change in musical direction and name. Anberlin was formed in 2002, within a year of forming they had signed with semi-independent record label Tooth &amp; Nail Records and released their debut album, Blueprints for the Black Market. In 2005, the band released their second album, Never Take Friendship Personal, selling in excess of 150,000 copies. Anberlin continued its rise to prominence whilst enjoying a loyal MySpace following and averaging well over 200 live shows per year. The band's third album \u2013 Cities \u2013 was released in 2007, and became their first album to reach the top 20 of the Billboard 200, selling 34,000 copies in its debut week. After three studio albums and five years with Tooth &amp; Nail Records, Anberlin announced their signing with major label Universal Republic Records in August 2007. The band's first album on the major label was released in 2008, titled New Surrender. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard 200, with the first single, \"Feel Good Drag\", claiming number one on the Alternative Songs chart, after 29 weeks in the chart. Prior to the release of their fourth studio album, Anberlin had sold over 400,000 albums.
Broadway is a former electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created in 1989 and eliminated in 1999, with its territory redistributed into the ridings of Wellington, Point Douglas and Fort Rouge. Many of Broadway's residents were low-income. Throughout its existence, the riding was represented by Conrad Santos of the New Democratic Party.
Farel Dalrymple is an American artist and alternative comics creator. He is best known for his award-winning comics series Pop Gun War.
Vice Admiral Robert Lee Ghormley (15 October 1883 - 21 June 1958) was an admiral in the United States Navy, serving as Commander, South Pacific Area, during the Second World War.
Karate was an American indie jazz band. The band was formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1993 by Geoff Farina, Eamonn Vitt and Gavin McCarthy. In 1995, Jeff Goddard joined the band as bass player, and Vitt moved to second guitar. Vitt departed Karate to pursue a medical career in 1997. Farina developed hearing problems due to twelve years of performance with Karate and was forced to disband the group in July 2005. Their final show was played in Rome, Italy, on July 10, 2005. Their music was primarily released on Southern Records. In 2007, the former band members decided to release a live album 595. Often, Karate was sent live material from their own performances (often from sound technicians). This happened also after their performance on May 5th at Stuk, Leuven, Belgium. Karate was so astonished by the quality of the recording they decided to release this \"posthumous\" live album of their 595th live performance.
Niakwa is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created in 1979 and abolished in 1999. The Niakwa riding was located in southeastern Winnipeg. After its abolition, almost all of the riding's territory was given to the new riding of Southdale. It is also a popular pizza chain in southern Manitoba
Osborne is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1957, and was abolished in 1999. The riding was located in south-central Winnipeg. When it was abolished, most of its territory was given to the new ridings of Fort Rouge and Lord Roberts.
Street Dogs are a punk rock band originally from Boston, Massachusetts. The band's current line-up includes Mike McColgan, former lead singer of Dropkick Murphys, Johnny Rioux, Marcus Hollar, Tobe Bean III and Paul Rucker.
Roblin-Russell is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1979 (with considerable territory from the former riding of Roblin), and was abolished in 1999. Roblin-Russell was located in southwestern Manitoba. It bordered Arthur-Virden to the south, Minnedosa and Dauphin to the east, Swan River to the north, and the province of Saskatchewan to the west. Roblin and Russell were the two largest communities in the riding, which also contained much rural territory. The riding was initially a Progressive Conservative/NDP marginal, but was generally safe for the Tories in the 1990s. When it was abolished, its territory was divided into the new ridings of Russell and Dauphin-Roblin.
Sturgeon Creek is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1969, and was abolished in 1999. Sturgeon Creek was located in the northwestern area section of Winnipeg. It was bordered to the west by Kirkfield Park and Assiniboia, to the south by Tuxedo, to the east by Wellington and St. James, and to the north by the rural riding of Lakeside. When the riding was abolished, its territory was incorporated into the new St. James riding.
Logan is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1956, and existed until 1989. The riding was located in the north-central region of Winnipeg, and included some of the city's poorest communities. After redistribution in 1989, some of its territory went to the riding of Point Douglas. The riding was generally regarded as safe for the NDP. In the next provincial election, Logan will be created out of the parts of the ridings of Wellington, Minto, Fort Rouge, and Point Douglas.
Patrick Osborne Ford (May 2, 1942 &ndash; June 21, 1968) was a United States Navy sailor serving on a PBR patrol boat who was killed in Vietnam after he saved the lives of two of his shipmates. The US Navy posthumously awarded him the Navy Cross and later named a frigate, USS Ford (FFG-54), after him. Ford was born in San Francisco, California, on May 2, 1942. At the age of 15, he moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where he attended Camelback and North High School. Shortly after graduation, Ford enlisted in the Navy. He completed basic training at the Naval Training Center, San Diego, California, and received orders to report to the NS Adak, Alaska. He reported aboard the destroyer James E. Kyes (DD-787) where he served as a Gunner's Mate until the end of his enlistment in 1963. GMG2 Ford reenlisted in 1965 and served at the NS Long Beach, California. In 1966, he was transferred to the NSA Danang, Republic of Vietnam, where he was ordered to report aboard George K. MacKenzie (DD-836). Following completion of his tour aboard MacKenzie, Ford was subsequently transferred to Henderson (DD-785) where he remained until the end of his second enlistment in 1967. Later that year Ford reenlisted for the second time at the Naval Receiving Station, San Francisco, California. He was ordered to the NAB Coronado, California for River Patrol Craft Training. Following completion of training in 1968, GMG2 Ford was directed to report to the NSA Saigon, Republic of Vietnam. He was assigned to Task Force 116, River Squadron 5, River Section 535 in 1968. For the next five months, he served as a patrol river boat sailor, monitoring the traffic of the many rivers and coastal waterways of the area. On June 21, 1968, GMG2 Ford was serving as the aft machine-gunner aboard Patrol River Boat 750 as part of a two-boat patrol operating in the upper My Tho River near the town of Cai Be. The boats were maneuvering down the river when they spotted a sampan fleeing into a nearby canal. The two patrol boats gave chase and captured the sampan one hundred meters further up the canal. As the patrol boat returned to the river with the captured sampan in tow, it was ambushed by a Viet Cong patrol that unleashed an overwhelming barrage of heavy machine-gunfire and rockets. Two explosive B-40 rockets struck Ford's boat, immediately killing the patrol leader and coxswain. Within seconds, the boat was ablaze and out of control, heading directly for the Viet Cong positions. Even as the boat was hit by four additional rockets, and after suffering serious injuries, Ford tenaciously maintained a steady volume of return fire from his aft machine-gunner's station. In the face of enemy gunfire and with his clothing on fire, Ford assisted three seriously wounded shipmates into the water. Only after ensuring that all the surviving crew had left the boat did Ford make his way into the water. He was the last man alive to leave what remained of Patrol River Boat 750. Soon after GMG2 Ford entered the water, he was killed by a burst of enemy machine-gun fire. However, as a result of his fearless devotion to duty, he saved the lives of two of his shipmates. In recognition of his bravery, the US Navy posthumously awarded GMG2 Ford the Navy Cross and later named a frigate, USS Ford (FFG-54), after him.
Danielle Lynn Borgman (born April 25, 1980 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a professional American soccer player.
8th Street is a subway station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the corner of 8th Street and Market Street. It is served by SEPTA's Market-Frankford Line and Broad\u2013Ridge Spur, and the PATCO Speedline. The station is owned by SEPTA; PATCO leases its section. The station is known as 8th Street on the Market-Frankford Line and the Broad-Ridge Spur, and 8th &amp; Market on the PATCO Speedline. It has two levels, with PATCO on the lower level and SEPTA on the upper level. The Broad-Ridge Spur, a branch of the Broad Street Line, ends at the station on a single track as the southern terminus, and originally to pass through the lower level and onto the Locust Street Subway, which now used by PATCO. No free transfers are available, even between the Market-Frankford Line and the Broad-Ridge Spur. For decades 8th and Market was Philadelphia's retail hub, with major department stores Strawbridge's, Gimbels and Lit Brothers located at that corner, all with direct entrances to the subway. A concourse still feeds traffic from the station to The Gallery at Market East shopping mall.
Pamela K. Long is an American actress and writer, most known for her stints writing the CBS Daytime soap opera Guiding Light, from 1983 to 1986 and from 1987 to 1990. Before she started in show business, she won the title of Miss Alabama in 1974. At the time, she was attending the University of North Alabama, and was involved in the Phi Mu sorority. After graduation, she went to New York City and played Ashley Linden on Texas from 1981 to 1982. In 1982, Long also became Head Writer of Texas. The show began to improve in quality, but the ratings in the United States remained in the basement. The show was more popular North of the US border. In Canada, Texas topped the daytime ratings charts for many weeks. The last episode of Texas aired on December 31, 1982. In 1983, Long became Head Writer of Guiding Light, while former Texas Executive Producer Gail Kobe joined her. Both of her stints were well-regarded and provided a renaissance for the aging show, at one point pushing the show's ratings to the #1 spot for three weeks in the summer of 1984, dethroning then-powerhouse General Hospital from the top ratings spot. Long created some of GL's most memorable characters, like vixen Reva Shayne, haughty ice queen Alexandra Spaulding, and rough-around-the-edges ingenue Harley Davidson Cooper. Long was once married to actor Jay Hammer and was credited for a time as Pamela Long Hammer. They have two sons together, Nick LongHammer and C.J. LongHammer
J. Frank Syms was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was originally a leading organizer for the provincial New Democratic Party, but crossed to the Progressive Conservatives in the 1980s. Syms served as President of the Manitoba NDP at one stage, and was a candidate for the federal New Democratic Party on two occasions. In the 1963 election, he ran in the riding of Springfield and finished third. He ran in Winnipeg--St. James in the 1979 federal election, and placed a very strong second against Progressive Conservative candidate Bob Lane. Syms subsequently left the NDP, and ran for the Progressive Conservatives in the 1988 provincial election. Campaigning in the north-end Winnipeg riding of Elmwood, he finished third against NDP incumbent Jim Maloway. He ran for mayor of Winnipeg in 1989, and finished a distant second against incumbent Bill Norrie (Norrie received over 100,000 votes, Syms received fewer than 20,000). During this campaign, he supported cuts to the city's bureaucracy by attrition and layoffs, and opposed calls for an inquiry into aboriginal justice in the province (arguing that such an inquiry would make Manitobans appear racist). He claimed that he was attempting to appeal to Russell Doern's voters from 1986, but received far fewer votes than Doern.
Heart of palm, also called palm heart, palmito, burglar's thigh, chonta or swamp cabbage, is a vegetable harvested from the inner core and growing bud of certain palm trees. It is costly because harvesting in the wild kills the tree. Heart of palm is often eaten in a salad, sometimes called \"millionaire's salad\". An alternative to wild heart of palm are palm varieties which have undergone a process of adaptation to become a domesticated farm species. The main variety that has been domesticated is the botanical species Bactris gasipaes, known in Ecuador as \"chontaduro\", in Costa Rica as \"pejibaye\", and in English as the \"peach palm\". Peach palms are self-suckering and produce multiple stems, up to 40 on one plant, so harvesting several stems from a plant is not so expensive because the plant can live on. Another advantage it has over other palms is that it has been selectively bred to eliminate the vicious thorns of its wild cousins. Since harvesting is still a labor intensive task, palm hearts are regarded as a delicacy. As of 2008, Costa Rica is the primary source of fresh palm hearts in the US. Peach palm is also cultivated in Hawaii, and now has limited distribution on the mainland, primarily to the restaurant trade. Brazil was the highest producer of uncultivated hearts of palm, but in the 1990s its quality went down - mostly because of unsustainable poaching for stems (called colete, Portuguese for \"vest\") of the main producing species, Euterpe edulis - which is now considered as threatened with extinction in the wild. This left the market open for Ecuador to export its cultivated hearts of palm. Ecuador is now one of the main producers of hearts of palm. France is the largest importer of hearts of palm.
Boston hardcore is the hardcore punk scene of Boston, Massachusetts. (Not to be confused with Boston metalcore aka metallic hardcore; itself an offshoot of Boston hardcore.)
Rhineland is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1892, and eliminated in 1914, when it merged into the new riding of Morden and Rhineland. It was re-established in 1949, and eliminated again in 1989. As its name implies, Rhineland was home to several German settlers, many of whom were Mennonites. It is named after the Rhineland region of Germany. Jacob Froese, the last Social Credit MLA in Manitoba history, represented this riding from 1959 until 1973. Rhineland's territory was integrated into the riding of Emerson in 1989.
Seven Oaks is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created in 1956, and eliminated in 1989. The riding was located in north-end Winnipeg, and was safe for the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation and New Democratic Party for most of its history.
Virden is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 1903, and was eliminated in 1989, when its territory was combined with Arthur to create Arthur\u2014Virden. Virden was located in southwestern Manitoba, on the border with Saskatchewan. It was bordered to the south by the Arthur constituency.
Rodney Maxwell Davis (April 7, 1942 &ndash; September 6, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the Vietnam War.
Doseone is the stage name of Adam Drucker (born April 21, 1977), an emcee, artist, and poet from Idaho. Dose is known for his nasal, high pitched, fast polyrhythmic rapping style and abstract lyrics. He often simultaneously performs synth, sampler, or keyboard on stage. His words tend to express upon topics of childhood, nature, and American life. Early in his musical career, Dose was in a freestyle rap battle with a then unknown Eminem at Scribble Jam 1997. He is a founding member of the Anticon hip hop collective, recording with cLOUDDEAD, Boom Bip, Themselves, Greenthink, Deep Puddle Dynamics, Subtle, as well as cameo appearances with many other artists, such as Aesop Rock, Sole, and Mike Patton's Peeping Tom. His latest projects have been Subtle's ExitingARM, the solo album Skeleton Repellent, and the spoken word album Soft Skulls. A recurring character in much of Doseone's work is Hour Hero Yes. He is mentioned in the 13 &amp; God song \"Ghostwork\" and throughout the three Subtle albums. Album and video artwork, as well as art on Subtle's official website, suggest Hour Hero Yes to be a bald man with a black and white striped face\u2014an image which is embodied by a bust that serves as a centerpiece prop during live Subtle shows. On the cover of 'For Hero; For Fool' he appears in old military garb, with fire for hair. In 2004 he published his first combination poetry book/CD, The Pelt. Recently, Dose has begun posting an online animated cartoon entitled 'NOTGarfield'. The series consists of characters from Garfield involved in surreal dada situations. As well as the art for most albums in which he is involved, Dose also is responsible for all artwork on Jel's album Soft Money.
The Boston Social Forum was the first North American social forum to use the methodology of the World Social Forum process and adhere closely to its . It was held at the University of Massachusetts Boston in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States from July 23-25, 2004, and coordinated by the Boston-based labor-community network, the Campaign on Contingent Work. Over 5,000 people from over 300 community organizations and labor unions participated in more than 550 workshops, plenary sessions, and convocations at the event--which was timed to take place just before the 2004 Democratic National Convention, also being held in Boston. The majority of attendees came from the Northeast of the United States, but a large minority came from around North America, and there were delegations from over a dozen other countries (with simultaneous translation available in as many languages). Numerous cultural events were also part of the proceedings, the largest being a show at the famed Middle East Restaurant in nearby Cambridge featuring UK punk troubadour Billy Bragg, actor Chris Cooper, filmmaker John Sayles, and nearly 30 other acts and featured guests. In the leadup to the forum, singer Michelle Shocked, comedians Jimmy Tingle and Barry Crimmins, and many other artists and performers lent their talents to the effort--as did noted historian Howard Zinn and linguist Noam Chomsky. Simultaneously a local and a regional social forum within the World Social Forum process, the Boston Social Forum was a place for left-wing activists to strategize and network with (and educate) each other across the spectrum of human knowledge in a convivial environment--united in the belief that \"Another World is Possible. \" According to its organizers, \"[the Boston Social Forum] was called to help progressive activists to begin to answer some very basic questions: What kind of future do we want for Boston? For our region? For our nation? For the world? What is our vision of a better society? \"Through a series of workshops, cultural events, plenary sessions, and giant convocations of the entire forum, we encouraged progressive organizations of all kinds to showcase their best analysis of the present, and their best ideas for the future, across the breadth of human knowledge\u2014politics, economics, science and technology, culture and faith\u2014in the context of corporate globalization. \"The goals of the event were simple: encourage various social movements to exchange information, network with one another, form new alliances, and push our movements forward a bit more towards the next stage of our development. \"We wanted to do our part to help progressives seize the high ground of ideas in this society, and then, having captured people's imaginations, move forward to become a more significant political force. \" Like their counterparts at sibling social forums, the Boston Social Forum organizers subscribed to the idea that the corporate-driven neoliberal ideology of runaway capitalism in the economic realm coupled with growing restrictions on democracy in the political realm were quite literally destroying the planet (at least for human life. . .). They also believed that the left-wing has important ideas in politics, economics, science and technology, culture and faith that could help save the planet, and build a human-centered, democratic and ecological society that will be capable of taking our species to the next phase of our evolution. By bringing together a broad array of left-wing activists and interested members of the public just before a large gathering of the Democratic Party--one of the two major political parties in the United States--organizers believed that the Boston Social Forum would demonstrate that the left-wing was a growing political force in the United States and worldwide, that it had good ideas, and that politically uncommitted people should consider joining its ranks. Critics within the World Social Forum process had previously thought that it would not be possible to hold a significant social forum in the United States given its history of American Exceptionalism and because they thought that the United States, as the main imperialist power of its day, did not have large enough social movements to provide a grassroots base for a major social forum. Boston Social Forum organizers believe they proved their critics wrong, and that their forum's success showed that the World Social Forum process could and should flower in the United States (and Canada).
Michael John Bell (born December 7, 1974 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a minor league baseball coach for the Visalia Rawhide, former coach of the Yakima Bears, and former third baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds in the 2000 season. He is the brother of David Bell, son of Buddy Bell and grandson of Gus Bell. Bell is a graduate of Moeller High School.
George Olsen (18 March 1893 - 18 March 1971) was an American band-leader. Born in Portland, Oregon he attended the University of Michigan, where he formed his band, George Olsen and his Music. He made the transition to Broadway, appearing in Kid Boots, the Ziegfeld Follies of 1924, and Good News. George Olsen and his Music were prolific Victor recording artists and their records are among the most numerous found by record collectors today, testifying to their original popularity. He and his orchestra were in Eddie Cantor's 1928 Broadway hit Whoopee!, and in the 1930 movie version. He met a singer, Ethel Shutta, who sings and dances memorably in Whoopee!, and they married, appearing together in nightclubs and on radio. They had two children; following a divorce, Olsen opened a restaurant in New Jersey. Olsen signed with Victor in 1924 and remained as one of Victor's most popular bands through 1933 when signed signed with Columbia. He stayed with Columbia through 1934. He recorded a single session in 1938 for Decca. In 1936, Olsen became leader of Orville Knapp's band after Knapp died in a plane crash. Olsen was chosen to lead the band by Knapp's widow. Morale problems plagued the group, and in 1938, after many musicians had already left, the group disbanded. Olsen died in Paramus, New Jersey.
An arepa is a bread made of corn originating from the northeast of Venezuela, and which has now spread to other areas in Latin America. It is similar to the Mesoamerican tortilla and even more to the Salvadoran pupusa. Arepas are most popular in Colombia and Venezuela. In Panama, the Arepa is called Panamanian Tortilla. The word \"arepa\" may originate from the language of the Caribes and Cumanagoto Tribes at the northeast of Venezuela (Carupano, Sucre State).
Opsware, Inc. was a software company based in Sunnyvale, California that offered products for server and network device provisioning, configuration and management targeted toward enterprise customers. Opsware had offices in New York City, Seattle, Washington and Cary, North Carolina. In July 2007, HP announced that it had agreed to acquire Opsware for $1.6 billion in cash ($14.25 per share). The acquisition closed on September 21, 2007.
Colonel Arthur Richard Cecil Butson, GC, OMM, CD and Bar (born 24 October 1922) was born of British parents in China, and later emigrated to Canada. A medical student during the Second World War, he then joined the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946, and for rescuing another Antarctic explorer form a crevasse in 1947 was awarded the Albert Medal, then, with the George Cross, the highest award for civilian gallantry for British and Commonwealth Citizens. Later, all holders of the Albert Medal were ordered to exchange that medal for the George Cross. From 1948 he undertooking postgraduate medical research in London before moving to Canada where he continued his medical career, both in civilian practice and with the Canadian Militia
Gordon S. Wood (born November 27, 1933) is Alva O. Way University Professor and Professor of History at Brown University and the recipient of the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History for The Radicalism of the American Revolution. His book The Creation of the American Republic, 1776&ndash;1787 won a 1970 Bancroft Prize. Gordon Wood was born in Concord, Massachusetts and grew up in Worcester and Waltham. He graduated summa cum laude from Tufts University in 1955 and has since served as a trustee there. After serving in the U.S. Air Force in Japan (during which time he earned an A.M. at Harvard University), he entered the Ph.D. program in history at Harvard, where he studied under Bernard Bailyn. Receiving his Ph.D. in 1964, he taught briefly at Harvard, the College of William and Mary, and the University of Michigan, before joining the faculty at Brown in 1969. He was also Pitt Professor at Cambridge University in 1982-83 and has lectured for One Day University. He lectures at many universities and institutes. In September of 2009, Wood lectured - The Origins of the American Constitution at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College. In addition to his books (listed below), he has written a number of influential articles, notably \"Rhetoric and Reality in the American Revolution\" (1966), \"Conspiracy and the Paranoid Style: Causality and Deceit in the Eighteenth century\" (1982), and \"Interests and Disinterestedness in the Making of the Constitution\" (1987). He is a frequent contributor to The New York Review of Books and The New Republic. His most recent project, the 1789-1815 volume in the Oxford History of the United States series entitled Empire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic, 1789-1815, was published in October 2009. He is married to Louise Wood and has three children, Christopher, Elizabeth and Amy. His son, Christopher Wood, is a professor of art history at Yale University and his daughter, Amy Wood, is a professor of history at Illinois State University. Two interesting incidents of name-dropping in the 1990s increased Wood's name recognition among the general public. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich publicly and effusively praised Wood's The Radicalism of the American Revolution, which led to adverse reactions from some liberals in academia and was jokingly described by Wood in an interview on C-SPAN in 2002 as \"the kiss of death. \" Wood was also prominently mentioned in the movie Good Will Hunting. The exchange between Matt Damon's character and an obnoxious Harvard graduate student seems to have been based mainly on an obscure 1994 New York Review of Books article by Wood that discussed James T. Lemon's writings and on a subsequent letter to the editor by Lemon rather than on Wood's more well-known writings. More recently, his name appeared in an episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, wherein Charlie attempts to put some fraternity members in their place by incorrectly imitating Damon's performance.
Private First Class Louis Edward Willett (June 19, 1945&ndash;February 15, 1967) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during the Vietnam War as a member of Company C, 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry, 4th Infantry Division.
Wendell Reid Corey (March 20, 1914 \u2013 November 8, 1968) was an American actor and politician. He was born in Dracut, Massachusetts, the son of Milton Rothwell Corey (October 24, 1879 \u2013 October 23, 1951) and Julia Etta McKenney (April 11, 1882 \u2013 June 16, 1947). His father was a Congregationalist clergyman. Wendell was educated in Springfield. Corey began his acting career on the stage, doing a number of productions in summer stock. While appearing with a Works Progress Administration theatre company in the late 1930s, he met his future wife, Alice Wiley. Corey and Wiley had one son and three daughters, Jonathan, Jennifer, Bonnie Alice, and Robin. His Broadway debut was in Comes the Revelation (1942). After appearing in a number of supporting roles, he scored his first hit as a cynical newspaperman in Elmer Rice's comedy Dream Girl (1945). While appearing in the play, Corey was seen by producer Hal Wallis, who persuaded him to sign a contract with Paramount and pursue a motion picture career in Hollywood. His movie debut was playing a gangster in Desert Fury (1947) starring John Hodiak, Lizabeth Scott, and Mary Astor. Corey appeared in Sorry, Wrong Number (1948) starring Barbara Stanwyck and Burt Lancaster, and a year later as Janet Leigh's fianc\u00E9 in the Robert Mitchum romantic comedy Holiday Affair. He starred opposite Stanwyck in The File on Thelma Jordon (1950), and opposite Joan Crawford in Harriet Craig, which was released the same year. His other movies include Hitchcock's Rear Window (1954) starring James Stewart and Grace Kelly, with Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr, The Big Knife (1955) starring Jack Palance, Ida Lupino and Shelley Winters, The Rainmaker (1956) starring Burt Lancaster and Katharine Hepburn and Loving You (1957) starring Elvis Presley and Lizabeth Scott. He starred with Casey Walters in the weekly television programs Harbor Command (1957-1958). Thereafter, he co-starred with in The Nanette Fabray Show (1961), and in the lead role in the medical drama, The Eleventh Hour (1962-1963). With Nanette Fabray, Corey played a widower who married Fabray's character. Bobby Diamond also starred in the short-lived series. In The Eleventh Hour, Corey appeared as Dr. Theodore Bassett, co-starring with Jack Ging in the role of psychologist Paul Graham. In the second season of The Eleventh Hour, however, Corey was replaced by Ralph Bellamy, who assumed the role of psychiatrist Richard Starke. Corey also made guest star appearances on a number of programs, including ', Channing, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Untouchables, Burke's Law, Perry Mason, The Road West, and The Wild Wild West. Corey served as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1961 to 1963 and was a member of the board of directors of the Screen Actors Guild. A Republican campaigner in national politics since 1956, Corey was elected to the Santa Monica City Council in April 1965. The conservative politician ran for the California seat in the United States Congress in 1966, but lost the primary election. He was still a councilman at the time of his death. He died at age fifty-four at the Motion Picture &amp; Television Hospital in Woodland Hills, California, of cirrhosis of the liver as a result of alcoholism. He is interred in Washington Cemetery in Washington, Massachusetts. Wendell Corey has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his work in TV at 6328 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Richard \"Rick\" Chiarelli (c.1963) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He is currently an Ottawa City Councillor, and the second cousin of former Ottawa mayor Bob Chiarelli. He represents the College Ward covering part of Nepean.
Joseph Leo Doob (February 27, 1910&ndash;June 7, 2004) was an American mathematician, specializing in analysis and probability theory. The theory of martingales was developed by Doob.
Burton Richardson (born September 25, 1949, in Portland, Oregon) is an American television announcer. He announced The Arsenio Hall Show from 1989 to 1994, where he became known for his long-drawn-out introduction of the show's host: \"ARSENIOOOOOOO... HALL!\" Richardson has also announced various game shows, including Rodeo Drive, Russian Roulette, WinTuition, the 1990 and 2000 versions of To Tell the Truth, the 1999-present version of Family Feud, and both the short-lived 1994 version and since 2001, a regular substitute on the daytime version of The Price Is Right.
Edgar Breau is a musician in Ontario, Canada. He was a member of the Hamilton-based band Simply Saucer in the 1970s, and has explored a solo career in recent years. In 1974, Simply Saucer recorded a demo tape of music under the supervision of Robert Lanois which combined psychedelic, Krautrock and early punk influences (Syd Barrett, the Velvet Underground and Iggy Pop have been cited as among the band's influences). The band broke up in 1979, and their recording was not released until 1989, when Bruce Mowat's Mole label issued it under the title Cyborgs Revisited. Cyborgs Revisited was first issued on CD in 1992, by the Chicago-based Fistpuppet label. A remastered edition, with additional material from the 1977-79 version of Simply Saucer, was issued in 2003 by Hamilton's Sonic Unyon label. In 2004, Breau issued a solo album entitled Canadian Primitive. Recorded over a period of 14 years at Grant Avenue Studios in Hamilton, the album was generally described as folk-psychedelia. On September 16, 2006, the 1978-79 line-up of the Saucer, featuring ex-Teenage Head guitarist, Steve \"Sparky\" Park, reunited for a six-song cameo appearance at the Corktown Tavern in Hamilton. A new edition of Saucer has been created featuring original bassist Kevin Christoff, guitarist Steve Foster, theremin/electronics/guitarist Dan Wintermans, and drummer Joe Csontos. A new album, Half Human, Half Live, was released in 2008. Breau campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1999 Ontario provincial election, as a candidate for the right-wing, socially-conservative Family Coalition Party. He received 386 votes (1.16%) in Hamilton East, finishing well behind the winner, Dominic Agostino of the Liberal Party.
Aaron Ryan Rowand (born August 29, 1977 in Portland, Oregon) is a center fielder in Major League Baseball who plays for the San Francisco Giants. He has previously played for the Chicago White Sox and the Philadelphia Phillies. Rowand attended Glendora High School in California where he graduated in 1995. Drafted by the New York Mets, he elected to go to college instead. He attended Cal State Fullerton from 1996 to 1998. In 1998, Rowand earned All-American honors before being selected by the Chicago White Sox in the first round (35th pick) of the 1998 amateur draft.
This article may not meet the notability guideline for biographies. Please help to establish notability by adding reliable, secondary sources about the topic. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted. Lloyd Walker is a politician and political activist in Ontario, Canada. He was the leader of the Freedom Party of Ontario from 1997 to 2002. Walker became a follower of Ayn Rand's Objectivist philosophy in the early 1970s, after reading the novel Atlas Shrugged. A resident of London, Ontario, he voted for a candidate of the Freedom Party in the 1985 provincial election and joined the party shortly thereafter. In 1986, he was chosen as its vice-president. Walker was chosen as interim leader of the Freedom Party in April 1997, following the resignation of Jack Plant. He was subsequently confirmed as the party's official leader, and served in this capacity during the 1999 provincial election. By his own admission, Walker declined his ballot in the 1988 federal election, claiming that none of the candidates were worthy of support. He endorsed a candidate of the Reform Party of Canada in the 1993 election, though he claimed he did not actively support the party's platform. (It may be noted that there was no Freedom Party of Canada during this period. ) Like many others in the Freedom Party, Walker has been a vocal opponent of closed shops as established by labour unions and forced membership in any other type of association (e.g. Business Improvement Areas). He also supported Sunday shopping reform in the 1980s and 1990s and has expressed opposition to rent control, official bilingualism and government-imposed monopolies. He also has supported proportional representation. In 1999, Raphael Bergmann and Tyler Chilcott of London, Ontario received a letter from London police. The letter alleged that Bergmann and Chilcott were members of a far-right Northern Alliance organization and informed them that they were \"required\" to come to the London Police station and explain what the letter referred to as their \"extreme right-wing beliefs\". The recipients of this letter contacted the offices of the Freedom Party. Taking up the issue as a \"free-speech\" case, Walker requested that then-Ontario Solicitor General David Tsubouchi provide a list of \"extreme\" political beliefs that could result in police action. Tsubouchi's office replied that no such list exists. Walker and other Freedom Party leaders have maintained that their involvement in the issue was motivated by a concern for freedom of expression, and not by any form of agreement with, or support for, the views of the men who received the letter. Walker has stated that the greatest difficulty in defending freedom of speech is that many people confuse the defense of freedom of speech with defense or endorsement of what is being said. Walker stepped down as Freedom Party leader in 2002 and was replaced by Paul McKeever. He did not run as a candidate in the 2003 provincial election, and, while still a member, is not actively involved in the party at present.
Jack Plant is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He is a longtime member of the Ontario Freedom Party, and served as its leader from 1994 to 1997. Plant was raised in London, Ontario, and works as a firefighter is addition to his political career. He joined the Freedom Party via an association with founder Robert Metz. Like many others in the Freedom Party, Plant is a vocal proponent of individual rights and property rights, and an opponent of unionization and government management. He is also a follower of Ayn Rand's philosophy. Shortly before becoming Freedom Party leader, he claimed that government oversight of \"pensions, education, healthcare, welfare, transportation, culture and energy production\" was a failure, and had brought Canadian society to the brink of collapse. He also claimed that his party's ideas were similar to those of the Reform Party of Canada, and the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario under Mike Harris. Plant became leader of the Freedom Party in mid-1994 and led the party through the 1995 provincial election, challenging future provincial cabinet minister Dianne Cunningham in London North. He received 334 votes, for a distant sixth place finish. It will be noted that the Freedom Party is a fairly small organization within Ontario. Plant resigned as leader in 1997, but has remained among the party's most vocal supporters since that time. As of 1997, he is no longer a member of the party's provincial executive. In the late 1990s, Plant was involved in a public controversy involving reported connections between the Freedom Party and Canada's far-right network. (See the Lloyd Walker page for further details). Although he has repeatedly condemned racism and Nazism, Plant has also opposed any efforts by the state to restrict the \"free expression\" of ideas from far-right groups.
Private First Class Fernando Luis Garcia (October 14, 1929 &ndash; September 5, 1952), a member of the United States Marines, was the first Puerto Rican, from a total of five, to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously.
Danny Way (born on April 4, 1974, in Encinitas, California) is a professional skateboarder.
SugarCRM is an open-source software-solution vendor which produces the Sugar Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system.
Matt Gallant (born June 25, 1964) is an American television host. He is well-known as the former host of the Emmy Award-winning The Planet's Funniest Animals on Animal Planet. He has also served as a guest judge on various other television shows featuring animals and pets. Gallant played the role of a reporter in Good Burger (1997), co-hosted Xbox Live: Launch Party and Game On (2002), and hosted Simon Cowell's American Inventor in 2006. Matt Gallant is now featured on Direct TV's Help/Information Channel.
Dorothy \"Kammie\" Kamenshek (born 21 December 1925) was an All-American Girls professional baseball player from Cincinnati, Ohio. Dorothy played outfield for a local softball league, and at the age of 17 she was spotted by a scout from the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. After tryouts in Chicago, she joined the Rockford Peaches as an outfielder when the league began in 1943, but was soon playing first base. She and second baseman Snooky Harrell formed the league's best double-play combination. Dorothy played with the league for 10 seasons, and was selected as an All-Star all seven times the league established such a team. In 1946 she was the league's top batter with an average of .316, and won the distinction again in 1947 with an average of .306. She struck out only 81 out of 3,736 times at bat. Considered one of the best athletes of her time, southpaw Kamenshek was even recruited for men's baseball by a team from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. She believed the team only wanted her for publicity and turned down the offer. Former New York Yankee Wally Pipp was so impressed, he stated she was the most accomplished player he had ever seen among men or women. In the off\u2011seasons, Kamenshek studied physical education and health education at the University of Cincinnati. In 1951 she was forced to reduce her playing due to back injuries, and after the 1952 season she retired permanently from the game with a career average of .292. In 1958, Kamenshek received a degree in physical therapy from Marquette University in Milwaukee. She returned to Ohio to serve as a physical therapist in Hamilton County and later moved to Los Angeles to perform the same work at the Los Angeles Crippled Children's Services Department. In 1964, she was promoted to supervisor of physical and occupational therapy for Los Angeles County Children's Services, and later to chief of therapy services, the position she held when she retired in 1980. After her retirement, Kamenshek was honored by Los Angeles County with the Outstanding Management Award (1980). In 1999, Sports Illustrated for Women selected Kamenshek as the 100th greatest female athlete of the 20th century.
Georg Schafer (Georg Johannes Sch\u00E4fer) was a German painter, poet and author who also lived in Guatemala and the United States. He was born on March 25, 1926, in Leinefelde Germany, and died of heart failure on January 11, 1991, in Chatham, Massachusetts. He often used the pseudonym Oma Ziegenfuss (\"Grandma Goat-Foot\"). At the age of 12, he was pressured into joining the Hitler Youth Organization. In 1943 he was stationed in Denmark with the occupation forces. His fondness for the Danish people and his disdain for the Nazi movement led him to risk his life, working with the Danish Resistance under the leadership of Damgaard Hansen. He was betrayed, captured by the Gestapo, found guilty of espionage, and sentenced to death. He was jailed for six months, awaiting execution, and was interrogated and tortured. Twice, he was placed in front of firing squads in an effort to coerce him into betraying members of the Resistance. He would not betray anyone, and instead began to starve himself to death rather than to reveal the names under torture. \"From this time, I eat nothing more\", he said. He was 17 years old. On March 16, 1945, Heinrich Himmler wrote the order to exchange his death sentence to 15 years. He never knew why. His father had written consistently to the prison commanders begging for his son's life. By the time the Allies liberated Berlin, he had spent 18 months at hard labor as a political prisoner at the concentration camp in Grabow, Mecklenburg, Germany. After the war, Schafer entered the Theological College at Fulda (Hessen), but soon realized that he was not fitted for an ecclesiastical career in the Catholic Church. He was invited to accompany a group of Romani Gypsies who,like himself, had been victims of the concentration camps. He traveled with them for two years, learning to transform conflicts in a group experience through dance, music, storytelling and art. In 1947, he returned to Fulda. Not having means to pay for his education, he had to content himself with personal studies. He began to write, completing his autobiography and submitting articles to various publications. On April 18, 1950, he corresponded with Dr. Albert Schweitzer, sending him a manuscript of his Autobiography. That same year, he was given position with a weekly newspaper: Die Zeit. Now employed, he entered the University at Fulda to pursue his studies in philosophy and the natural sciences. As a reporter for Die Zeit, he met Imgard Carmen Heinemann, a photographer of German and Mayan descent, employed by the same newspaper. They began to work on assignments together and on December 23, 1950, were married. Through his studies, reportage, and his keen interest in human science, he had met Dr. Albert Hoffmann who had discovered LSD. They worked together on experiments with LSD. Continuing his clinical research, he experimented with Mescaline. [The vision that he now experienced was the dream that he had as a child. He had been burned from a pot of boiling water over his entire plexus solaris, through the muscle tissue. He was one year old. The shock, and \"near death\" experience, gave, 23 years later, the vision of the fairytale: \"In the Kingdom of Mescal\". Through the horror of the war, and the concentration camps, waiting for his execution; these painful memories gave birth to a Cosmic vision. Painting after painting was flowing from his brush. He created over one hundred illustrations, and wrote the poetic story of a journey into timelessness. Georg Schafer made the decision with his wife, to name her as the artist, Nan Cuz, \"To give us a magical vision of the American Indian world. \" 1. He did not realize then that the decision to not sign his own name to the paintings would later cause him and others much suffering. To this day, there appears to be confusion over who created the paintings of Nan Cuz. It was in truth, Georg Schafer. Everyone who lived and worked with him, knows that is true. \"behind Nan Cuz is Ziegenfuss\" 2. ] In 1951, Mr. Schafer was invited to work with a number of Doctors; in particular, a Professor H. Bender. He also wrote to a Dr. Hubert Urban. Their correspondence, led to an invitation in 1953 for Mr. Schafer to work on experiments with mescaline and consciousness in dreams, at the University Clinic of Psychiatry and Neurology in Innsbruck, Austria. His experiments were over: \"The Problem of Time and Space\". His findings were published on September 1953 in a psychiatric journal: 'Oesterreich'. With the publication of the article, Schafer was given the opportunity to send the manuscript of his experiment to Dr. Carl Jung and Dr. Albert Einstein. Correspondence followed with both. Mr. Schafer did not meet either of them. In 1952, Schafer had used his writing skills and contacts in the field of Journalism to defend the survival of the Buddhist people and their cultures, writing an expose of the tragedy in the systematic destruction of the Mahayana Buddhism within the Mongolian Territories of the Soviet Union. With the publication of these articles, he had a correspondence with Nyanaponika Mahathera in Ceylon and Lama Anagarika Govinda, a Mayahana Buddhist monk. Correspondence and personal affiliation continued for the three men over the next thirty years. In 1979 he met Sherry Munson of the Munson Gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico, who he called \"Mani\". They were married in 1979 and they traveled to Sri Lanka to work together on repainting a Buddha story in the temple of Nyaniponika Mahathera. They had their first child in Sri Lanka. They later returned to Guatemala where they settled amongst the native Mayan people, taking on the life and art of the culture, adding it to the art and culture Schafer had absorbed in Sri Lanka. After several years Georg and Mani began to feel that they needed to do something to stop what he felt was a destruction of an aboriginal culture by the boots of progress. His experience in Hitler's Germany led him to feel that this destruction of the Mayan culture was too much like the old nightmare come back to life, an ethnic cleansing in which commercialism was the weapon of choice. He found all forms of ethnic intolerance abhorrent. In 1989 Georg, Mani and their 3 children moved to America where he hoped to find an audience that could be mobilized to slow or stop this destruction of cultures. He was also looking for a stepping stone to a new life where he could concentrate on the art he called \"The Visionary Art of the Cultures\". Now going by the name Oma Ziegenfuss all the time, he settled in Chatham, Massachusetts with Mani, where she had family, searching for a new home for the art and vision of aboriginal culture's power. This was a difficult transition for Schafer, isolating after the community culture of Guatemala, and he was in poor health. Eighteen months after settling in their new home, Oma suffered his first heart attack. He recovered and prepared an exhibit in Seattle, Washington which was a success, but too stressful. Upon returning to Chatham he suffered a second and final heart attack, January 11, 1991, just 2 weeks after the birth of a son he named after Lama Govinda.
William Marshall Roark (October 23, 1938, Sioux City, Iowa - April 7, 1965) was appointed to the U.S. Naval Academy in 1956, he graduated and was commissioned ensign on 8 June 1960 and advanced to the rank of lieutenant, 1 June 1964. He attended the naval flight school at Pensacola, Florida, and Corpus Christi, Texas, and subsequently reported for duty in Attack Squadron 153 on board Coral Sea (CVA-43). Lieutenant Roark was killed in action 7 April 1965 while on a bombing mission over North Vietnam.
Crystal Dynamics is an American video game developer based in the San Francisco Bay Area and founded in 1992 by Judy Lang, Madaline Canepa and Dave Morris. It was acquired by Eidos Interactive, a British video game publisher, in 1998 and, following Square Enix's acquisition of Eidos in 2009, is now a subsidiary of Square Enix. Crystal Dynamics was formed in mid-1992 by Sega veterans Judy Lange (sales and acting CEO), Madeline Canepa (marketing) and Dave Morse (Amiga). Crystal was the first licensed developer for 3DO, a gaming hardware platform simultaneously funded by Kleiner Perkins. In 1993 Strauss Zelnick, then president of 20th Century Fox's film studio, was hired to run Crystal Dynamics. This made national news and helped to touch off the frenzy of multimedia investments of the mid-1990s. 3DO's launch during the 1993 Christmas season was a commercial failure, undermining Crystal's one-platform software strategy. Zelnick, Lange and Mark Cerny all resigned at about this time. The next strategy was to become a leading publisher for two new 32-bit, 3D-capable consoles, the PlayStation and the Sega Saturn. Randy Komisar was hired away from LucasArts in 1994 to replace Zelnick as CEO. Crystal Dynamics expanded to a staff of 140, and shipped some of the world's first PlayStation and Saturn games for Christmas 1994. However, losses continued to mount. Sony Computer Entertainment America, which had the power to set both retail price and cost of goods for licensed publishers of PlayStation games, dictated a reduced retail price for such games. This reduced the contribution margin of Crystal Dynamics games to a point where the company could not make money on its existing sales and cost structure. In May 1996, with more than $80m gone and no route to profitability in sight, Kleiner Perkins pulled the plug on the publishing strategy laid out two years earlier. Komisar and most senior management resigned within a few days, and forty percent of the staff was laid off. Crystal was recast as a boutique game developer, and buyers were sought. Eidos finally bought the firm in 1998. Crystal Dynamics has developed games both for the PC and for various consoles. At one time Crystal Dynamics was also a publisher, mostly publishing games that it had developed itself. However, it also published several games developed by other companies. Crystal Dynamics had been most well known for developing the Legacy of Kain and Gex series, but in 2003 the studio was entrusted the development of the best-selling Tomb Raider franchise after original developer Core Design failed to gain critical or commercial success with their later Tomb Raider games, and released in 2006 its first game in the series, ', which was the fastest selling game in the entire series, with more than 2.6 million units sold worldwide. Crystal Dynamics recently co-developed ' with developer Buzz Monkey Software. ', a remake of the first Tomb Raider game from 1996, was released in June 2007. The next installment, Tomb Raider Underworld, was released on November 2008 on next-generation consoles. As of April 2, 2007 Crystal Dynamics is now located in Redwood City at 1300 Seaport Blvd. The company left its Menlo Park location after nine years as it had outgrown its office space. Crystal Dynamics shares its new office space with Eidos's North American office which had previously been located in San Francisco before April 2, 2007.
Jonathan Mayhew Wainwright II (27 July 1821 &ndash; 1 January 1863) was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He was killed in action.
Big D and the Kids Table is a third wave ska band formed in October 1995 in Allston, Massachusetts when its members converged in college. Their first release was on their own Fork In Hand Records label, but have since teamed with Springman Records and SideOneDummy. The band has been noted for its strict DIY work ethic, such as engineering, producing, and releasing their own albums and videos and self-promotion of their own shows. In 2000 the band recorded a gangsta rap album, Porch Life, and distributed it unofficially via cassette tape. In 2003 the album was officially released on CD through Fork In Hand. They have also recorded splits with Melt Banana, Brain Failure, and Drexel. Big D and the Kids Table have played 200 shows a year, on average, in support of such bands as Less Than Jake, Streetlight Manifesto, Catch 22, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Dropkick Murphys, Voodoo Glow Skulls, Mustard Plug, The Pietasters, Rancid, Alexisonfire, Reel Big Fish, and Anti-Flag and have become a regular performer on the Warped Tour. The band has also performed in the Summer of Ska Tour 2006 and the Ska Is Dead tour. In the fall and winter of 2007 the band embarked on their first-ever large scale headlining tour, The Steady Riot Tour, named after the 2007 release.
Blues Image was a critically acclaimed late 1960s rock band. Their most successful song was \"Ride Captain Ride\" in the last half of 1970, which went all the way to #4 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and #4 on the Canadian RPM magazine charts. Blues Image was a well respected band among their peers. In an interview conducted by British magazine Melody Maker, Jimi Hendrix said that Blues Image was \"one of the best up and coming bands around\". Shortly before Hendrix's demise, Hendrix and Manny Bertematti were seen jamming at the popular underground club, 'The Experience' on Los Angeles' Sunset Strip.
James R. Caldwell (died 7 August 1804) was an officer in the United States Navy, who served in the Quasi-War with France and the First Barbary War. Caldwell was appointed a midshipman 22 May 1798. During the Quasi-War with France, he served in the frigate United States, schooner Experiment and armed ship Ganges in the West Indies. Commissioned a lieutenant in 1800, from late 1801 into 1803 Lieutenant Caldwell was an officer of the frigate Constellation during the initial phase of the war with Tripoli. In mid-1803, he returned to the Mediterranean in the brig Siren to participate in further operations against that piratical North African state. Caldwell distinguished himself in a boat action on 7 July 1804 and also took part in an attack on 3 August that resulted in the capture of three vessels that were taken into the Navy as gunboats. One of these, Gunboat Number 9, was under Caldwell's command when the U.S. squadron again bombarded Tripoli on 7 August 1804. While hotly engaged with an enemy battery, a hot shot penetrated her magazine and Gunboat Number 9 blew up. Lieutenant Caldwell and eleven others were killed or mortally wounded in the explosion.
The Ch'orti' language (sometimes also Chorti) is a Mayan language, spoken by the indigenous Maya people who are also known as the Ch'orti' or Ch'orti' Maya. Ch'orti' is a direct descendant of the Classic Maya language in which many of the pre-Columbian inscriptions using the Maya script were written. This Classic Maya language is also attested in a number of inscriptions made in regions whose inhabitants most likely spoke a different Mayan language variant, including the ancestor of Yukatek Maya. Ch'orti' is spoken mainly in Guatemala, and it is also indigenous to the adjacent areas of Honduras and El Salvador, where it is nearly extinct.
Colin Diver is the president of Reed College in Portland, Oregon He was named the college's 14th president on October 5, 2002, replacing acting president Peter Steinberger, dean of Faculty, and succeeding Steven Koblik, who departed Reed College to run the Huntington Library in San Marino, California. Diver's area of expertise includes administrative law, and prior to Reed he was Dean of the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Prior to this he served first as special counsel to the office of Boston mayor Kevin White and then held a series of positions in Massachusetts state government, including assistant secretary of consumer affairs and undersecretary in the state's office for administration and finance. Diver then served for 14 years as a faculty member at Boston University School of Law, where he served as associate dean (1985-88) and dean (1988-89). He was a visiting professor at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government and has held joint appointments in public policy at the Wharton School and the Boston University School of Management. Among the students of Reed College, he is often affectionately referred to by the nickname of \"C. Divvy. \" The nickname is believed to have been popularized by articles written in The Quest, Reed's student body newspaper. \"The Dive\" is another common moniker.
The Ontario Libertarian Party ran five candidates in the 2003 Ontario provincial election. Relevant information about these candidates may be found on this page. The party originally planned to run two other candidates: Bill Turley in Durham and Paolo Fabrizio in Vaughan\u2014King\u2014Aurora. Both withdrew before the election. This page also provides information about Libertarian Party candidates in subsequent by-elections.
Derroll Adams (November 27, 1925 &ndash; February 6, 2000) was an American folk musician. Adams was born Derroll Lewis Thompson in Portland, Oregon. At 16, he served in the Army and later in the Coast Guard. He was a tall, lanky banjo player with a deep voice. He was busking around the West Coast music scene in the 1950s when he met Ramblin' Jack Elliott in the Topanga Canyon area of Los Angeles, California. The two travelled around and recorded albums, among them Cowboys and The Rambling Boys. According to legend, Adams and Elliott would go in the studio with whatever they had, which may have included whiskey and marijuana, and they recorded whatever they felt like recording on the spur of the moment. This style of recording was probably more prevalent in the'40s, '50s and '60s \u2014 the result is that the recording is loose around the edges but preserves some of the spontaneity and vigor of a live performance. It is a performative, rather than a compositional, style. His recording career was somewhat uneven, and like Elliott he was better known for whom he influenced \u2014Donovan, among others\u2014 than for his own art. With Elliott, he had gone to England to play live and record. Elliott went back, and Adams stayed. He took Donovan, who had been playing around the UK with Gypsy Dave, under his wing as sort of protege; as a result, the influence of American traditional music can be distinctly heard in Donovan's earlier work \u2014 see DLB. Adams died in Antwerp, Belgium in 2000. His collaboration with Elliott left behind a body of influence that prevails today. Topic Records UK has made most of his and Jack's recordings available on CD.
Welborn Cicero Wood (15 January 1876&ndash;17 September 1899) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish-American War. Born in Georgia, Wood was appointed to the United States Naval Academy on 6 September 1895. He served as a midshipman on the battleship Texas during the war with Spain in 1898, before graduating with the class of 1899. Wood later joined Oregon (Battleship No. 3) on the Asiatic Squadron to serve part of the two years required by law before commissioning. Subsequently, Wood was given command of the gunboat Urdaneta, then operating in the Philippines during the Philippine-American War. Naval Cadet Wood was killed in action, on 17 September 1899, when his ship ran aground in the Orani River, near Manila, and was overwhelmed by insurgent troops who enfiladed the gunboat with a withering fire from the shoreline. USS Welborn C. Wood (DD-195) was named for him.
John Robinson (born October 25, 1985) is an American actor. He portrayed John McFarland in Gus Van Sant's Elephant and Stacy Peralta in the skateboarding film Lords of Dogtown. Robinson enjoys snowboarding and played lacrosse in high school. He has also done some modeling. He is a 2005 graduate of the Oregon Episcopal School.
Cholado or Raspao is a cold beverage common in Colombia. It is made from crushed ice, fruit and/or fruit syrup, sweetened condensed milk, and is sometimes topped with whipped cream. One popular place where it is sold is the Canchas Panamericanas in Cali, Colombia.
Flashpoint is one of South Florida's most popular jazz bands. Based out of Miami, Flashpoint was band formed in 1991 by two firefighters, Paul Messina and George Schoendorfer. Described as \"a six piece contemporary instrumental jazz fusion group, with a delightful latin flavor\",, Flashpoint's instrumentality includes: Flute/Saxophone (Messina), Guitar (Schoendorfer), Keyboards, Bass, Drums, and Percussion (Nu\u00F1ez). Its music may be classified as sizzling jazz, Brazilian jazz, contemporary jazz, smooth jazz, jazz funk, and jazz fusion. Flashpoint released its debut album, \"Cool Heat\", in 2001 and is currently working on its second. Flashpoint's music is produced by Gary Vandy Audio Productions. The band's leader, Paul Messina, is noted to be one of South Florida's top jazz musicians. Paul continues to be very musically active, both independently and as a member of Flashpoint. He just recently returned from performing in the 2008 Cayman Islands Jazz Fest, and is expected to release an independent album in the near future.
Nathaniel \"Nate\" McMillan (born August 3, 1964 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is a retired American professional basketball player and current head coach of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers. Prior to his coaching stint with the Blazers, McMillan was head coach of the Seattle SuperSonics for five years, after succeeding Paul Westphal in 2000.
Second Lieutenant Terrence Collinson Graves (July 6, 1945&ndash;February 16, 1968) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for \"outstanding courage, superb leadership and indomitable fighting spirit\" in Vietnam on February 16, 1968. He was killed in action at the end of this day of intense fighting.
Charles Emerson Hovey (10 January 1885 &ndash; 24 September 1911) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Philippine-American War. Born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Ensign Hovey graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1907. He served aboard the USS Pampanga (PG-39) in the Philippines in 1911. While in charge of a shore party on the island of Basilan, Ensign Hovey was killed by gunshot when attacked by natives 24 September 1911. USS Hovey (DD-208) was named for him. Veterans of Foreign Wars post #168 in Portsmouth NH is named for him as Emerson Hovey. There is some irony in this - the Philippine conflict was not classified as a \"foreign war\" at the time of his death, since the Philippines was then a United States colony. There is a fountain in Portsmouth's waterfront Prescott Park honoring him.
Gallo pinto (or gallopinto) is the prototypical traditional dish of Costa Rican and Nicaraguan cuisine. It is considered the national dish in both countries, and is eaten as a part of any meal. Though many variations exist, the dish at its most basic is composed of pre-cooked rice and beans fried together with spices such as cilantro, onion and peppers.
PYT was a Florida-based girl group in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Twenty-four candidates appeared on the ballot as independents in the 2003 provincial election in Ontario, Canada. Of these, ten were Independent Renewal candidates affiliated with the Communist Party of Canada - Marxist-Leninist, one was an Independent Reformer, and one a member of the Communist League. The other eleven were fully independent candidates, unaligned with any registered or unregistered party. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
The Freedom Party of Ontario is a political party in Ontario, Canada. The party ran twenty-four candidates in the 2003 provincial election. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Bay Networks was a network hardware vendor formed through the merger of Santa Clara, California based SynOptics Communications and Billerica, Massachusetts based Wellfleet Communications on July 6, 1994. SynOptics was an important early innovator of Ethernet products including a pre-standard twisted pair fast Ethernet product. Wellfleet was an important competitor to Cisco Systems in the router market. Bay expanded the product lines of Synoptics and Wellfleet and entered the Asynchronous Transfer Mode product space. Bay was acquired by Nortel in June of 1998, for $9.1 billion broadening Nortel's reach from its traditional carrier customer base into enterprise data networking; Nortel renamed itself Nortel Networks after the merger. The Bay Networks product Small office/home office line survives to this day as the Netgear products (needs more info) that are widely sold by electronics retailers. Netgear originally started as a division of Bay Networks in January 1996, and was spun out as a standalone company in September 1999.
The Perceptionists are an American hip hop group on the Definitive Jux label. The group is made up of MCs Akrobatik and Mr Lif, along with DJ Fakts One. They hail from Boston, Massachusetts.
The Mercury Program is an American musical group composed of Dave Lebleu on drums, Sander Travisano on bass guitar, Tom Reno on guitar, and Whit Travisano on vibraphone and piano. They are based in Gainesville, FL. The first three members formed a trio in August 1997 and Whit Travisano joined in late 1999. Whilst their first two albums feature sparse, spoken vocals, with the release of the EP 'All the Suits Began to Fall Off' and onwards they become entirely instrumental. Their style is intricate and groove-led with many categorizing them as post-rock. As the band members live in different cities across the United States, The Mercury Program took a much needed break after the release of 'Confines of Heat' in 2003. Over the next several years they worked on new material in a much more relaxed manner. But in October 2006, the band got back together and recorded a new record with Andy Baker in Athens GA. This much anticipated new record, named \"Chez Viking\" was released November 24, 2009 on Lovitt Records.
Nathaniel Wheeler (b. Watertown, Litchfield county. , Connecticut, Sept. 7, 1820; d. Bridgeport, Dec. 31. 1893) was an American manufacturer and legislator.
Henry Alfred Bishop (December 4, 1860, Bridgeport, Connecticut \u2013 1934) was superintendent and vice-president of several Eastern railroads, as well as other corporations. He served in the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1886.
The Green Party of Ontario fielded 102 candidates in the 2003 provincial election in Ontario, Canada, none of whom were elected. The only riding which the party did not contest was Oakville. Zakaria Belghali had been selected as the GPO candidate, but did not collect enough signatures to have his candidacy validated by Elections Ontario.
Sanjeev Goel is the male deputy leader of the Green Party of Ontario and is a physician in Brampton, Ontario. He is a previous candidate for both the Green Party of Ontario and the Green Party of Canada. Born in Montreal, and graduated from the University of Toronto's medical school in 1995. Medical doctor and family physician, practicing at in Brampton at \"A Healing Place\", a three-story Victorian house that he manages with his wife. Practices Chelation Therapy. Has an interest in meditation and nutritional supplements. A member of a non-violent social action group called TruthForce, and co-manages the site www. truthforce. ca. Has cited the Mahatma Gandhi as a personal inspiration. Opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and joined the Green Party as a result of this controversy. Also opposes \"public-private partnerships\" in health care. Focused on electoral reform and environment issues. Received 1,603 votes, finishing fourth in a field of five candidates. The winner was Colleen Beaumier of the Liberal Party of Canada. Previous candidacies: 2003 Ontario provincial election: received 820 votes (2.14%) in Brampton Centre as a candidate of the Green Party of Ontario
Trident Microsystems is a supplier of display-processors for flat panel displays. At one time, Trident was also a supplier of PC graphics chipsets and sound controllers.
Thomas Mack Lauderdale (Born July 14, 1970 in Oakland, California) is a musician, largely known for his work with the Portland-based band Pink Martini.
From First to Last (sometimes shortened to FFTL) is an American post-hardcore band, based out of Los Angeles, California, originally hailing from Valdosta, Georgia and Tampa, Florida. The band released their first EP titled Aesthetic in 2003 with vocalist Phillip Reardon, followed by Dear Diary, My Teen Angst Has a Body Count in 2004 and Heroine in 2006, both with vocalist Sonny Moore. Following the departure of Moore in February 2007 to work on his solo electro/alternative project, the band added permanent bassist Matt Manning and Matt Good moved to lead vocals/guitar. They released a self-titled album in 2008 on Suretone Records. On August 27, 2009, From First to Last confirmed on DJ Rossstar's Punk Rock Show that they have indeed left Suretone and are now signed to Rise Records. In late 2009, they parted ways with Travis Richter, with their new album, Throne to the Wolves set for release on March 16, 2010.
Patrick Henry Hart (31 May 1915 - 4 June 1942) was a United States Navy officer and Naval Aviator who served in World War II.
Renfrew South was a riding (electoral district) of Ontario, Canada. The last Member of Provincial Parliament for Renfrew South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario was Paul Joseph Yakabuski, in the 33rd Parliament (May 2, 1985 - July 31, 1987).
Fundy Isles was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It was created in 1994 from Charlotte West and Charlotte-Fundy and was dissolved in 2006 into Charlotte-The Isles and Charlotte-Campobello.
Charlotte was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada from 1994 to 2006. It was created from large parts of Charlotte Centre and Charlotte-Fundy. Following 2006, most of the district became part of Charlotte-The Isles
Dieppe-Memramcook was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It has been superseded by the Memramcook-Lakeville-Dieppe district.
Grand Lake is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.
Madawaska-la-Vall\u00E9e is a former provincial electoral district which elected one member to the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of New Brunswick, Canada. It was created in the 1994 redrawing of electoral boundaries and disolved in 2006. It was used in the 1995, 1999 and 2003 elections. Its only MLA was Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick representation Percy Mockler, now a member of the Canadian Senate. In 1994, the district was created largely by merging the districts of Madawaska Centre and Madawaska South. In 2006, most of the district was merged with Restigouche West to form Restigouche-la-Vall\u00E9e.
Marine Attack Squadron 223 (VMA-223) is a United States Marine Corps fixed wing attack squadron that consists of AV-8B Harrier jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The squadron uses \"Stone\" as its radio callsign.
William Charles (Bill) Monbouquette (born August 11, 1936 in Medford, Massachusetts) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (1958 -65), Detroit Tigers (1966-67), New York Yankees (1967-68) and San Francisco Giants (1968). He batted and threw right-handed.
New Britain Stadium is the home of the New Britain Rock Cats, the AA affiliate of the Minnesota Twins major league baseball team. Opened in 1996, it seats 6,146 fans. The stadium is part of the city facility known as Willow Brook Park, and the stadium is sometimes referred to by this name also. It is adjacent to Beehive Field, where the team played for 13 seasons after moving from Bristol in 1983. The park also contains Veteran's Memorial Stadium, a facility for football and soccer. New Britain Stadium hosted the Eastern League All-Star Game on July 16, 2003, before a then-record crowd of 7,169 fans. On the last day of the 2004 season, it welcomed its two millionth visitor. A new all-time attendance record was set on June 17, 2006, when 7,567 packed the stadium for a regular-season game against the Akron Aeros. The current record is 8,212 fans, for the June 27, 2009 Rock Cats game. The stadium is laid out with split-level seating. A concourse runs around the middle of the seating area, and fans walk down toward the field to reach the box seats, or continue upward to reach reserved seats and general admission seating. Fans reach the seating area through four tunnels, each with a set of stairs coming up from the main concourse below. This concourse is at ground level, underneath the upper seating areas; it contains concessions, restrooms, the Rock Cats' gift shop, and access to team administrative offices. While fans cannot see the game in person from the concourse below, it does provide an enclosed dry refuge in case of a rain delay. The team has installed closed-circuit television monitors at each concession stand so that fans can keep up with the action on the field. Skyboxes (the \"suite level\") are located at the top of the seating bowl, on either side of the press box. Access is by elevator from the main concourse two levels below. At the top of the third-base seating area is an outdoor grill, bar, and patio area which is open to all fans. Down the right-field line, the \"AT&amp;T Patio\" is another area with grills, picnic tables, and a large tent, which can be rented for groups of 25 or more. Down the left-field line is a kids' play area with an inflatable slide, a moonbounce, a speed-pitching machine, and other activities. Because the facility is located in a city park, the New Britain Parks and Recreation Department is in charge of parking at the stadium. As of the 2007 season, the fee is $3 per car for \"standard\" parking lots, and $5 for \"premium\" areas closest to the stadium. A season pass (window sticker) may be purchased from the Parks Department for $40. Because the attendance at games frequently exceeds the number of available spaces (especially on weekends), parking often overflows into grassy areas around the stadium, or onto nearby streets. Also located inside New Britain Stadium are plaques bearing the names of the New Britain Sports Hall of Fame. Including the 2006 class, there are 181 inductees representing the city's athletic history from 1850 to date.
Plaxo is an online address book and social networking service founded by Napster co-founder Sean Parker, Minh Nguyen and two Stanford engineering students, Todd Masonis and Cameron Ring. The company was named by David Weekly. Plaxo, based in Mountain View, California, is currently privately held and supported by venture capital including funds from Sequoia Capital. On May 14, 2008, Plaxo reported it had signed an agreement to be acquired by Comcast. Plaxo did not disclose the terms of the deal. In May 2008, the website reported 20 million users. Plaxo provides automatic updating of contact information. Users and their contacts store their information on Plaxo's servers. When this information is edited by the user, the changes appear in the address books of all those who listed the account changer in their own books. Once contacts are stored in the central location, it is possible to list connections between contacts and access the address book from anywhere. A Plaxo plug-in supports major address books including Outlook/Outlook Express, Mozilla Thunderbird, and Mac OS X's Address Book, though other ones can be supported through an application programming interface. Additionally, Plaxo can also be maintained through an online version.
Vaho (or Baho) is a mix of meat, green plantains and yuca cooked in banana leaves. It is a traditional Nicaraguan dish originated from the mix of cultures between the indigenous, mestizos and afro-Nicaraguans of the country. In Nicaragua and some other Spanish dialects \"vajo\" is pronounced as \"bajo\". There is some controversy as to whether the correct spelling is \"vajo\" or \"bajo\". Its also serve with a cabage and tomato salad made with vinegar and lemon juice. The salad top the meat the yuca and the plantains its tradition to make it on sundays only.
Intersil Corporation NASDAQ: ISIL specializes in the design and manufacture of high-performance analog semiconductors for four high-growth markets \u2014 Communications, Computing, High End Consumer and Industrial.
Vigor\u00F3n is a dish of Nicaragua originally from granada. A very traditional fast food in Nicaraguan. It is a dish very similar to Vaho, except it is not pressure cooked. It simply consists of chopped cabbage; chimichurri: tomatoes, onions, garlic and cilantro pickled in lime juice; boiled yucca and chicharrones (fried pork skins and/or fried pork meat). It is usually eaten with the fingers alone, and is served with a slice of lime which is used on all elements of the dish, including the chicharrones. It is also eaten as breakfast or in unexpected family visits. It is very easy to prepare, and quite filling.
Pio Quinto is a Nicaraguan dessert consisting of cake drenched in rum, topped with a custard, and dusted with cinnamon. Some recipes also include raisins. Pio Quinto is eaten after meals or during Christmas time. The cake is believed to have been named after Pope Pius V, but the connection is unknown. There is also a Pio Quinto River in Nicaragua.
Dwight Jaynes is a journalist and sportswriter in Portland, Oregon. He was a sports columnist with The Oregonian newspaper for several years. In 2001, he left to write a column in the fledgling Portland Tribune and to do a daily radio show for KPAM, a talk radio station owned by the same company as the Tribune. He has since left his radio role and worked full-time for the Tribune, serving as the paper's editor and sports columnist until leaving at the end of July 2008. Jaynes has been highly critical of the management of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers franchise under the ownership of Paul Allen, particularly over the hiring and performance of Maurice Cheeks as head coach. He is also a persistent advocate for bringing Major League Baseball to Portland and a persistent critic of the NCAA. He co-authored two books, \"The Long Hot Winter\" with former Blazer coach Rick Adelman and \"Against the World\" with fellow Tribune journalist Kerry Eggers. He has five times been named Oregon's Sports Writer of the Year.
Vice Admiral Daniel Edward Barbey (December 23, 1889 &ndash; March 11, 1969) was an officer in the United States Navy who served in World War I and World War II.
Albert Dillon Sturtevant (2 May 1894 &ndash; 15 February 1918) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I.
Cassin Young (March 6, 1894 &ndash; November 13, 1942) was a Captain in the United States Navy who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario is a political party in Ontario, Canada. It governed the province from 1943 to 1985 and from 1995 to 2003, and currently forms the Official Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The party also governed the province under its previous name, the Conservative Party of Ontario, from 1867 to 1871, 1905 to 1919, and 1923 to 1934. The party ran a full slate of 103 candidates in the 2003 provincial election. Of these, 24 were elected. Several PC candidates have individual biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Copeland is an American rock band, originally formed in 2000 by singer Aaron Marsh with his friend, bassist and backup singer James Likeness, in the city of Lakeland, Florida. Aaron Marsh attended a performing arts high school, Harrison Arts Center. Bryan Laurenson, guitarist, and Jonathan Bucklew, drummer (who took the place of Rusty, ex-drummer of Copeland and drummer on Beneath Medicine Tree) give the band an original sound. In 2002, they signed a record deal with independent label The Militia Group and released their debut album Beneath Medicine Tree a year later. In 2004, 2005, and 2006 they performed at the annual Cornerstone Florida Festival in Orlando, Florida. In Motion, Copeland's second full length CD, was released on March 22, 2005. It was produced by Matt Goldman and Aaron Marsh, and mixed by Ken Andrews. The early copies of In Motion that were issued, included a four-song acoustic ep\u2013\u2013a compilation of lo-fi versions of songs from In Motion itself, as well as Beneath Medicine Tree.
Richardson Dilworth (1898 \u2013 1974), was an American Democratic Party politician, born in the Pittsburgh area, who served as the 116th Mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from January 2, 1956 until his resignation on February 12, 1962 to run for Governor, a race in which he was defeated by William Scranton.
Margaret Gorman (August 18, 1905\u2013October 1, 1995, age 90) is best known for being the very first Miss America, from the year 1921. Her measurements were 30\u201325\u201332. Gorman was chosen from a photo popularity contest and finalist round as the first \"Miss Washington, D.C. ,\" and was invited on that count to join the Second Annual Atlantic City Pageant as an honored guest. This was held on September 8, 1921. There she was invited to join a new event: the \"Inter-City Beauty\" Contest. She won two titles, \"Inter-City Beauty, Amateur,\" and \"The Most Beautiful Bathing Girl in America\" after competing in the Bather's Revue. Finally, she won the grand prize, the Golden Mermaid trophy. She was expected to defend her positions the next year, but since someone else was \"Miss Washington, D.C. ,\" and her other titles were a bit awkward, they decided to crown her \"Miss America. \" She is the only Miss America to receive her crown at the end of the year. Gorman continued to compete in later years, and though unsuccessful, was always a favorite of the crowds. A few years later, she married Victor Cahill, and was happily married until he died in 1957. She lived all her life in D.C. , but enjoyed traveling. She died on October 1, 1995, aged 90.
Rev. Adam Blakeman was born in Gnosall, Staffordshire, England, June 10, 1596. His birthplace is frequently misspelled in websites due to transcription errors from old records. Blakeman matriculated (entered college) at Christ Church, Oxford, May 28, 1617. He was a preacher for some years in Leicestershire and Derbyshire, and in 1638 came to Connecticut. In 1639 he led the original settlers of Stratford, Connecticut, and served as the first minister of the church until his death, 7 September 1665. Stratford, like a number of other New England towns of the 1630s, was founded as a Utopian community by Puritans fleeing persecution in England. The town's minister was also its political leader, and ruled both his flock and his town as the unquestioned representative of God. During the 1600s (and until well into the 1800s) consistent spelling of names was not enforced, due to lower literacy levels and the absence of the standardization required by government bureaucracies. By 1800 Blakeman's descendants most often used the Blackman phonetic spelling of the name, although in the 1700s some alternated between the two spellings three times in successive generations. Blakeman is the phonetic spelling of Blackman not the other way around. The surname was Blackman pronounced Blakeman in the dialect of that part of England where Gnosall is located.
Osmond Kelly Ingram (August 4, 1887 &ndash; October 16, 1917) was a sailor in the United States Navy during World War I who received the Medal of Honor posthumously.
Richard Elliott Dotson (born January 10, 1959 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball in the 1980s. He is best noted for his 22-6 performance of 1983, helping the Chicago White Sox win the American League West Division championship that season. Dotson finished fourth in the American League Cy Young Award voting, behind teammate LaMarr Hoyt. Arm injuries came to limit, however, what was a promising baseball career. In a 12-season career, he recorded a record of 111-113 with a 4.23 ERA in 305 games, 295 of them starts. He pitched 55 complete games and 11 shutouts in his career. Dotson gave up 872 earned runs and struck out 973 in 1857 and 1/3 innings pitched. He is currently the pitching coach for the Charlotte Knights.
Nicole Johnson (born circa 1974) was an American beauty pageant contestant, who was the winner of the 1999 Miss America pageant. She is now a diabetes advocate, having been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in 1993. Johnson is a 1998 graduate of the School of Communication &amp; the Arts of Regent University in Virginia founded by the televangelist Pat Robertson. She also has a Master of Public Health (2007) degree from the University of Pittsburgh. Her undergraduate work was done at the University of South Florida where she obtained a BA in English. In March 2005, Johnson became the anchor of dLife, a weekly TV series about diabetes that airs on CNBC. She has written four books: three cookbooks with Mr. Food and her autobiography Living with Diabetes. She works full time as a diabetes advocate and patient care expert. Her consulting clients include Animas Corporation, AmMed Direct LLC and Eli Lilly and Company. She also works with the University of South Florida Diabetes Center, specializing in communications and development. She lives in Florida with her daughter Ava.
The Commonwealth Shakespeare Company (CSC) was formed in 1996 by artistic director Steven Maler and associate Joan Moynagh to bring free, outdoor Shakespeare to the people of the city of Boston. Since 1996, CSC has produced one full Shakespeare production each summer starting with A Midsummer Night's Dream in 1996 at Copley Square. All subsequent productions have taken place in Boston Common, first at the Parkman Bandstand and now at the Parade Ground. In 2003, CSC and The Wang Center joined to bring more financial strength to the company and allow larger productions.
Bulkley Valley-Stikine was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009.
Prince George North was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1979 to 2009.
Ageia, founded in 2002, was a fabless semiconductor company. Ageia invented PhysX \u2013 a Physics Processing Unit chip capable of performing physics calculations much faster than general purpose CPUs; they also licensed out the PhysX SDK (formerly NovodeX SDK), a large physics middleware library for game production. Ageia was noted as being the first company to develop hardware designed to offload calculation of video game physics from the CPU to a separate chip. Prior to this, solutions from ATI and Nvidia had not been planned nor announced. Soon after the Ageia implementation of their PhysX processor, Nvidia and ATI announced their own physics implementations. On February 4, 2008, Nvidia announced that it would acquire Ageia. On February 13, 2008, the buyout of Ageia was finalized. The PhysX engine is now known as Nvidia PhysX.
Prince George-Omineca was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009.
Prince George-Mount Robson was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009.
West Kootenay-Boundary was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009. The seat combined the Rossland/Trail/Castlegar area (the putative West Kootenay component) that had previously been in Rossland-Trail with the Boundary Country, which had been in the Okanagan-Boundary riding (1991-1996) and prior to that the Boundary-Similkameen riding. For other historical and current ridings in the Kootenay and Boundary Countries please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Penticton-Okanagan Valley was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Yale\u2014Lillooet was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It first appeared in the 1966 General Election, when it superseded the older Lillooet riding, which was one of the province's original twelve ridings, as well as the equally-old Yale riding, parts of which were also in Yale\u2014Lillooet. Yale-Lillooet was last contested in the 2005 General Election; in 2009 it was largely replaced by Fraser-Nicola, with the Fraser Canyon portions in the southwest transferred to Chilliwack-Hope and the town of Keremeos in the extreme southeast transferred to Boundary-Similkameen.
Abbotsford-Clayburn was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Abbotsford-Mount Lehman was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Chilliwack-Kent was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Surrey-Panorama Ridge was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Burnaby-Willingdon was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1966 to 2009.
Burquitlam was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Port Moody-Westwood was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Port Coquitlam-Burke Mountain was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Tejas (pronounced teh-has) are a popular dumpling-shaped confection from the Ica Region of Peru. It contains manjar blanco filling and either dry fruits or nuts. The exterior is usually a sugar-based fondant-like shell, but there also exists chocolate versions too (known by the contraction chocotejas). Tejas are also a Spanish confection of a paste of flour, sugar, and other ingredients, baked. The Spanish recipes direct that the pastry should be shaped as a typical teja (Spanish for roof tile).
Vancouver-Burrard was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It first appeared on the hustings in the 1933 general election. For the next election, the riding will be split across two new ridings. The portion west of Burrard, Georgia, Jervis will become the new Vancouver-West End riding. The remainder of Vancouver-Burrard will join part of Vancouver-Fairview to become the new Vancouver-False Creek riding.
Alberni-Qualicum was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Nanaimo-Parksville was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
Esquimalt-Metchosin was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009. It is succeeded by the Electoral District of Esquimalt-Royal_Roads.
Malahat-Juan de Fuca was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009.
Victoria-Hillside was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1991 to 2009.
David A. McDermut (about 1820 &ndash; April 18, 1863) was an officer in the Union Navy during the American Civil War. A native of New York, McDermut was appointed midshipman on November 8, 1841, and attained the rank of lieutenant commander on July 16, 1862. During the Civil War, he served in Potomac and Marion before assuming command of Cayuga on December 2, 1862. He commanded Cayuga until April 18, 1863, when he was killed in action against Confederate forces near Sabine Pass.
Calgary Bowness is a defunct provincial electoral district in Alberta Canada. The district was named after the community of Bowness, and during its time encompassed the Northwestern part of the city. The riding was created in 1959. The riding was split into Calgary-Bow and Calgary-Foothills in 1971.
Calgary was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada that existed from 1905 to 1913 and was recreated from 1921 to 1959. The district returned from one to six members to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. The district largely encompassed the boundaries of the City of Calgary, and was revised accordingly as the city grew.
Bim Skala Bim, formed in Boston, Massachusetts, was a third wave ska band that started in 1983 and remained active until 2002. They were influenced by the bands in England's 2 Tone movement, as well as bands such as the Clash, UB40 and Bob Marley. They released several albums and they started their own record label to release music by other ska bands. Bim Skala Bim was founded by vocalist Dan Vitale and bassist Mark Ferranti. Its lineup has also included drummer Jim Arhelger, percussionist Rick Barry, keyboard player John Cameron, trombonist John Ferry, guitarist Jim Jones, keyboardist Robin Ducot, guitarist Ephraim Lessell, drummer John Sullivan, trombonist Vinnie Noble, trombonist Mark Paquin and saxophonist Dave Butts, singer Jackie Starr, singer, Lauren Flesher, trombonist Chris Rhodes, and trombonist Walt Bostian. On November 20, 2009 it was announced that Bim Skala Bim would reunite to open for the Mighty Mighty Bosstones at Night #3 of their twelfth \"Hometown Throwdown\" on Monday, December 28.
Calgary Centre was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district has existed in two incarnations the first from 1913 to 1917 and the second from 1959 to 1967. This district was first created during a brief period when the Calgary riding was split three ways. The other two districts were Calgary South and Calgary North. The second incarnation was during the redistribution of 1959 when Alberta moved from Single Transferable Vote to First Past the Post. The riding was last used in 1967 when this and Calgary Victoria Park were split between Calgary-Buffalo, Calgary-Mountain View, Calgary-Bow, Calgary-Millican and Calgary-North Hill The riding covered the Downtown core.
Calgary South provincial electoral district was an electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The riding was last used in 1967 and was spit between Calgary Egmont and Calgary Millican. The riding covered the entire South end of the city in 1913 and covered the South East end of the city before redistribution in 1971.
The Receiving End of Sirens (often abbreviated TREOS) was a rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 2003.
Calgary North provincial electoral district was a single member electoral district in the northwest and northeast parts of Calgary, Alberta. The electoral district existed from 1959 to 1971 before it was abolished. After being abolished the area of Calgary North became part of Calgary McKnight.
Calgary Queens Park was a provincial electoral district that existed in Calgary Alberta from 1963 to 1967. The riding was created from a slice of Calgary Bowness during the 1963 election. The riding disappeared when it was merged with Calgary North to create Calgary McKnight during the 1971 election. The riding was a thin strip that ran north from Downtown to the north end city limits, and on the west side of Centre Street.
Calgary Nose Creek was a provincial electoral district that encompassed the Northern Central part of Calgary, Alberta. The riding was created during the election of 1993, when the boundaries of Calgary McKnight changed and the riding was renamed. The riding disappeared during redistribution in 2004 when it split between Calgary Mackay and Calgary Nose Hill. The riding was named for Nose Creek that winds its way through the northern part of Calgary.
Calgary McKnight was a provincial electoral district coverning the north central part of Calgary Alberta Canada. The was created from a merger of Calgary North and Calgary Queens Park during the election of 1971. The riding's boundaries expanded in 1993 and was renamed to Calgary Nose Creek. Calgary McKnight was named because McKnight Blvd the main east west artery in the north at the time, cut through the middle of the riding.
Calgary Victoria Park was a provincial electoral district that served the belt line on the south end of downtown Calgary, Alberta Canada. The riding was created during the 1967 election and disappeared in the 1971 election. The riding disappeared when this and Calgary Centre were split between Calgary-Buffalo, Calgary-Mountain View, Calgary-Bow, Calgary-Millican and Calgary-North Hill. The riding was named after the community of Victoria Park
The Mohegan Sun Arena is a 9,518 seat multi-purpose arena in Uncasville, Connecticut located inside the Mohegan Sun resort and casino. The arena facility features 30,000 square feet (2,800 m) of configurable exhibition space and a 400-foot (120 m) clear span. It was built by the Perini Building company, and opened in 2001.
Burlington South was the name of a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was abolished prior to the 1999 election into Burlington and Ancaster\u2014Dundas\u2014Flamborough\u2014Aldershot. For the 1987, 1990 and 1995 provincial elections it consisted of the City of Burlington south of the Queen Elizabeth Way and Highway 403, except the southeastern corner: east of Appleby Line and south of New Street.
Nathaniel Scudder (May 10, 1733 \u2013 October 17, 1781) was an American physician and patriot leader during the Revolutionary War. He served as a delegate for New Jersey to the Continental Congress, where he signed the Articles of Confederation. Nathaniel was born in Monmouth Court House, NJ, which later became known as Freehold, NJ. He attended the College Of New Jersey and graduated in 1751. He then studied medicine before setting up a practice in Monmouth County, New Jersey. His home site is now within the Borough of Freehold, New Jersey. Dr. Scudder was active in civic and militia affairs. When the revolution split the colonies, he supported the rebel cause. He was a member of the county's Committee of Safety, and represented it in the Provincial Congress held in 1774. That same year he was named lieutenant colonel in the county's first regiment of militia. In 1776 he was elected to a one-year term as Monmouth County's first member of the newly constituted New Jersey Legislative Council, and in 1780 he was elected to the New Jersey General Assembly. In 1777, Scudder became the colonel of his militia regiment and that fall was sent as a delegate to the Continental Congress. During the summer of 1778, he was particularly busy and finally abandoned his medical practice altogether. He split his time between the Congress and militia activities. He led his regiment in the Battle of Monmouth in June. He wrote a series of impassioned letters to local and state leaders urging the adoption of the Articles of Confederation and, when New Jersey's legislature approved them in November, he endorsed them for the state at the Congress. Scudder continued both forms of service for several years. Finally, on October 17, 1781, he led a part of his regiment to offer resistance to a British Army foraging party, and was killed in a skirmish near Shrewsbury. He is buried in the Tennent Church Graveyard in Manalapan Township. Dr. Scudder was the only member of the Continental Congress to die in battle during the Revolutionary War.
The Klezmer Conservatory Band is an Boston-based group which performs traditional klezmer music; it was formed by Hankus Netsky of the New England Conservatory of Music in 1980. Originally formed for a single concert, they have gone on to release eleven albums. Netsky is the grandson and nephew of traditional klezmer musicians. He was inspired by jam sessions with Irish musicians to attempt something with klezmer music. He recruited many of the musicians from the New England Conservatory of Music's Third Stream department with the majority having jazz or folk backgrounds. In 1988, the band featured in a documentary on klezmer called A Jumpin Night in the Garden of Eden. It has also provided soundtracks for a number of films and theatrical productions including: Enemies, a Love Story Joel Grey's Yiddish music review Berschtcapades '94 The Fool and the Flying Ship, narrated by Robin Williams Shlemiel the First, a musical based on a play by Isaac Bashevis Singer
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 323 (VMFA-323) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW) but deploys with Carrier Air Wing 9.
Calgary South East Provincial Electoral District is a historical provincial electoral district, that covered the south east portion of Calgary. The riding was very short lived, only existing in the election of 1959. In 1963, it became part of Calgary South.
Wilbur Forrester Wood, Jr. (born October 22, 1941 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is a former knuckleball pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox, Pittsburgh Pirates, and most notably the Chicago White Sox, where he got 163 of his 164 wins. He threw left-handed, and batted right-handed.
Morir So\u00F1ando (Die dreaming) is a popular beverage of Caribbean countries such as Dominican Republic and Venezuela, usually made of orange juice, milk, cane sugar, and chopped ice. Sometimes vanilla extract is also added, or evaporated milk is used instead of regular milk. It is very similar to orange ice cream. The recipe for Morir So\u00F1ando varies greatly depending on the regions and family heritage. It can also vary according to personal taste.
Willingdon was a historical provincial electoral district in Alberta from 1940 to 1959. Willingdon was created in 1940 when Victoria and Whitford, were split between this district and Redwater and Vegreville The riding expanded south in 1963 when Vegreville merged with Bruce, to form Vegreville-Bruce. Due to the expanded boundaries the riding name was changed to Willingdon-Two Hills.
Rosebud was a historical Alberta provincial electoral district, created in 1905 when Alberta first became a province. The riding was short lived, however, as it disappeared in 1909 when it was split to form the ridings of Cochrane and Didsbury as well as the north part of Rocky Mountain.
Rocky Mountain was a historical Alberta provincial electoral district, that existed from 1909 to 1935. In 1909 Rocky Mountain was formed from the western edge of Rosebud in the north part of the riding, the entire riding of Banff, the western half of High River and Macleod. As well as the north part of Pincher Creek. In 1940 the north part of the riding merged with Cochrane to form Banff-Cochrane. Okotoks-High River expanded to fill the central portion of the riding and Pincher Creek expanded to fill the south end of the riding and became Pincher Creek-Crowsnest. The riding ran the length of the Rocky Mountains along the Alberta / British Columbia border.
Banff was a provincial electoral district, in south west Alberta, Canada. The riding has existed twice, the first incarnation was created in 1905 when Alberta formed as a province. The riding was carried over from the old Banff riding that existed from 1891 to 1905 in the Northwest Territories. The riding disappeared only one election later when it was merged into the newly formed Rocky Mountain Riding. The second incarnation was when Banff-Cochrane was renamed Banff during the 1975 redistribution, it was changed back to Banff-Cochrane during the 1979 election. The riding was named after the scenic town of Banff, Alberta and Banff National Park.
Kenneth Lance Johnson (born July 6, 1963 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was a Major League Baseball player. At the age of 24, Johnson broke into the big leagues on July 10, 1987, with the St. Louis Cardinals after being drafted by them in the 6th round of the 1984 amateur draft. In 1987 Johnson, playing for the Louisville Redbirds, was the American Association Most Valuable Player. From 1988-95 Johnson played for the Chicago White Sox. From 1991 through 1994, Johnson led the American League in triples, becoming the first player in Major League history to lead their league in triples for four consecutive years. In 1996, he led the National League in triples, becoming only the third player in history to lead both Major Leagues in triples. As of 2009, he is one of only four players to lead a Major League in triples as many as five times. His finest season came in 1996 with the New York Mets. That year, he accumulated 227 hits, 21 triples (the highest single season total in that stat since 1951), 50 steals, 31 doubles(the only season in which he accumulated at least 20), 69 Runs Batted In, 117 runs scored, and a .333 batting average, all career highs. Thus, Johnson became one of only a handful of players to hit 20 triples in a season since the Major Leagues integrated in 1947. This was Johnson's only season in which he was selected for the All Star team. After the Mets, he played with the Chicago Cubs from 1997-1999. He was slowed down by injuries during his years with the Cubs and in 2000, he finally ended his career after the New York Yankees sent him to the minor leagues in mid-season. The Yankees won the World Series that year and Johnson was given a World Series ring for his service to the team. His speed on the base paths, and his uniform number \"1\", earned him the endearing nickname \"One Dog\". \"One Dog\" is also the name of the record company he had during his MLB career. After graduating from Princeton High School, Johnson completed his education at the University of South Alabama. He now resides in Alabama with his wife. Johnson is the only MLB player to lead the league in hits in both the American League (Chicago White Sox, 1995) and the National League (New York Mets, 1996).
The Ontario Liberal Party is a political party in the Canadian province of Ontario. The party governed the province from 1871 to 1905, 1934 to 1943 and 1985 to 1990. It returned to power in 2003 by winning a majority government in that year's provincial election. The Liberals ran a full state of 103 candidates in the 2003 election, seventy-two of whom were elected. Several candidates have their own biography pages. Information about others may be found here.
Lethbridge is was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The riding has existed twice. The first incarnation was in 1905 when Alberta first became a province. Lethbridge covered a large patch of southern Alberta, It was broken into Lethbridge District and Lethbridge City in 1909. After Lethbridge District was broken up into Taber and Little Bow in 1913, Lethbridge City was all that remained, using the Lethbridge name, in 1921 Lethbridge was reformed after City was dropped from the name. In 1971 Lethbridge was split into two districts: Lethbridge-East and Lethbridge-West. The riding was named after the Southern Alberta city of Lethbridge.
Lethbridge District was a Provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created during the 1909 Provincial election. The creation saw Lethbridge split into Lethbridge City and Lethbridge district. This district was short lived however, when in 1913, it was split into Little Bow and Taber.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 122 (VMFA-122) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. The squadron, known as the \"Werewolves\", are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). Their traditional call sign is \"Nikel\". Their mascot, known as Mach Altus (Latin for speed and altitude), is a statue of a Crusades-era knight.
Alex Frost (born February 17, 1987) is an American actor. Frost was born in Portland, Oregon. His parents are Debbie and Jack, and he has an older brother named Chris. Frost is currently living in London. Frost had a starring role in Gus Van Sant's Columbine-based film Elephant, which was awarded the Palme d'Or prize in 2003. Since Elephant, Alex has worked on a number of films, including The Queen of Cactus Cove, The Lost and The Standard. He appeared in a Season 3 episode of \"NCIS\" entitled \"Ravenous\". He played a bully in the Owen Wilson movie Drillbit Taylor, released on March 21, 2008 by Paramount Pictures. He has two movies set to release summer 2009, \"Calvin Marshall\" and \"The Vicious Kind.\"
Endo was a four-piece nu metal music group from Miami, Florida. The band formed in 1995 with Lou Orenstein, Diego Ponsa, Reggie Barret, Steve Morris and Gil Bitton. A local production company, \"Concrete Management\", signed the band in the late 90's, where they opened for such bands as the Foo Fighters and Static-X. They were later signed to DV8/Columbia Records, and released two major albums in Evolve (2001) and Songs for the Restless (2003). The group also appeared at the Ozzfest Tour in 2003. The band parted ways with DV8/Columbia in April 2004, and at the time had five new tracks in the recording process. Endo posted news on their MySpace blog in November 2005, announcing that a new album was close to being finished. Further news was posted in February 2006, where Endo announced that they were performing at a contest in their hometown of Florida. However no news has been posted since. The group announced the disbanding of Endo on January 1, 2007, due to inner turmoil.
Erik Christopher Daniels (born April 1, 1982 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American professional basketball player, formerly with Lottomatica Roma of the Italian Serie A league. He has played for the Sacramento Kings of the NBA, along with the Fayetteville Patriots and the Erie BayHawks of the NBA D-League. He is a 6'8\" (203 cm) 214 lb (97 kg) small forward and played college basketball at the University of Kentucky. After graduating from Princeton High School in Sharonville, Ohio, Daniels went on to the University of Kentucky, where he played his way into the starting lineup his junior and senior year. After going undrafted in the 2004 NBA Draft, Daniels was signed by the Kings as a free agent. He got very limited playing time in the 2004-05 NBA season, amassing a mere 13 points and 18 rebounds over the span of 21 games. Daniels was released by the Kings on October 17, 2005, and signed with the D-League's Fayetteville Patriots. In the 2006-2007 season he played with the Angelico Biella of the Italian Serie A league, and in the summer of 2007 he was signed by Lottomatica Roma for the next two seasons. He was selected with the 7th pick in the first round of the 2008 NBA D-League Draft by the Erie BayHawks. On February 11, 2009, Daniels would become the first BayHawk selected to the NBA D-League All-Star game. He would named an alternate on the All-Star game's blue team.
Edmonton provincial electoral district existed in two incarnations from 1905 - 1909 and again from 1921 - 1955. The district was created when Alberta first became a province. It was only one of two multi member ridings in the provinces history, the other being Calgary. Three methods of electing representatives were used over the years. First Past the Post was used in 1905 and subsequent By-Elections. Block Vote in 1909 and 1921, and Single Transferable Vote from 1926 to 1955 when the United Farmers of Alberta made the electoral system mandatory for Calgary and Edmonton. During the election of 1917 three electoral districts existed in Edmonton, Edmonton East, Edmonton West. and Edmonton South which was created in 1913. All three of these districts merged to reform the Edmonton Riding in 1921. In 1959 the Social Credit government broke up the Calgary and Edmonton ridings and standardized First Past the Post across the province. Nine ridings were created in Edmonton. Edmonton Centre, Edmonton North, Edmonton Norwood, Edmonton North East,Edmonton North West, Jasper West, Strathcona Centre, Strathcona East and Strathcona West.
8x8 Inc. was originally founded in 1987 as Integrated Information Technology, Inc. , better known as IIT. IIT was founded by Dr. Chi-Shin Wang and Dr. Y.W. Sing, both formerly of Weitek. IIT began as a fabless vendor of semiconductor products for the math coprocessor and graphics chipset markets. The company produced x87 floating point coprocessor and graphics accelerator chips for the personal computer market during the late 1980s and early 1990s. The floating coprocessors were produced for the 286, 386 and 486 generations of microprocessors. In 1992 the company began shipping a lossless data compression product called Xtradrive. In the early 1990s IIT began producing chips, software and other technologies for the videoconferencing market. Frustrated by the high prices and low volumes of these videoconferencing systems, the company changed its name to 8x8 and began marketing its own set-top videoconferencing systems for consumers under the ViaTV brand. 8x8 went public on the Nasdaq market in 1997, trading under the ticker symbol EGHT. Soon after this, 8x8 launched a family of Voice over IP (VoIP) chips and software that were sold to IP phone, IP/PSTN gateway and other manufacturers of VoIP equipment. The Company acquired two companies, to acquire network/server VoIP technologies, and began selling an end-to-end VoIP services technology solution to service providers in 1999. In 2002, the company relaunched itself as a VoIP service provider under the Packet8 brand. In 2003, the Company launched its first consumer videophone services on the Packet8 network. In 2004, the company became the first VoIP service provider to offer replacement, E-911 services to its subscribers.. It also launched a suite of business services called Packet8 Virtual Office. It also received Internet Telephony's Best of Show Award for 2007 for Best Consumer Offering. Shortly after receiving their award, 8x8 announced they were eager to see their number of subscribers surpass the IMTS user base. In 2008, 8x8 is the second largest standalone U.S. VoIP service provider (behind Vonage) with more than 100,000 residential customers, and more than 10,000 businesses and enterprises who use the company's Virtual Office services for their business telecommunications needs. The company continues to develop most of the software and technology used in its VoIP service offerings. For the quarter ending 31 December 2007, the company reported net income of $1.4M on $15.8M in sales, with gross margins of 65% and service margins of 70%. The company reported $53M in sales for its last fiscal year.. 8x8 has been awarded more than 70 U.S. Patents related to communications technologies.
Marvin Isley (b. August 18, 1953, Cincinnati, Ohio) was one of the members of the family music group, The Isley Brothers and a seminal bass guitarist. Marvin grew up in Englewood, New Jersey and graduated from Dwight Morrow High School in 1972. In the late-1960s, he formed a trio with older brother Ernie and brother-in-law Chris Jasper. By the end of the decade, the group joined the older half of the Isleys as its instrumentalists. The instrumental lineup became official band members to the Isleys in 1973 resulting in platinum success with the band's rock-infused 3+3 album. For the next ten years, Marvin laid down the bass work for some of the band's funkiest jams and sentimental ballads including Fight the Power, I Wanna Be With You, The Pride, Don't Say Goodnight, For the Love of You, Voyage to Atlantis, and Between the Sheets. The 3+3 lineup splintered into two groups in 1984 with the original Isleys carrying on as the Isley Brothers while Marvin, Ernie and Chris formed Isley-Jasper-Isley. The group released three albums and had a number one hit with the R&amp;B hit, \"Caravan of Love\". In 1991, Marvin returned as member of the Isley Brothers with Ronald and Ernie and carried on until 1997 when Marvin developed diabetes. He had both legs removed. He is currently resting and recuperating and living in Oak Park, Illinois while brothers Ronald and Ernie continued on as the Isley Brothers. Marvin was inducted along with his brothers to the Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame in 1992.
Paul Geary was once the drummer for the Funk metal band, Extreme. He was replaced in the group in 1994, by then future and now former Annihilator member Michael Mangini. Geary later worked as a manager for other musicians. Notable bands he has managed, or is currently managing include: Godsmack Cold Smashing Pumpkins The 88 Fuel Alter Bridge Extreme
Boston is a Hasidic sect, originally established in 1915 by Grand Rabbi Pinchas Duvid Horowitz. Following the custom of European Chassidic Courts, where the Rebbe was called after the name of his city, Bostoner Chassidus was named after Boston, Massachusetts. The most senior and well-known of the Bostoner Rebbes in contemporary times was Grand Rabbi Levi Yitzchok Horowitz who died in December 2009. Amid a spectrum of notable accomplishments and \"firsts in America,\" the Bostoner Chassidim are known for acts of kindness, the ability to apply ancient Jewish values in modern society, outreach to students, and tangible help for the sick and their families during crucial times of need. The Bostoner Chassidim also have a rich musical tradition with many unique songs sung in the Chassidic Courts of Boston in various locations around the world. The community of the late Bostoner Rebbe Levi Yitzchak Horowitz is headquartered in both Har Nof, Jerusalem in Israel and in the town of Brookline. Currently, the title of Grand Rabbi has been bestowed upon all three surviving sons, who will carry the title Bostoner Rebbe in their respective cities: New York, Boston, and Jerusalem
Fred Cole is the singer, guitarist, and songwriter of the band Pierced Arrows and formerly Dead Moon.
Cardston was a provincial electoral district in southern Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in when Alberta first became a province in 1905. The riding has always occupied the most southern portion of the province along the Canada / United States border. In 1993 the borders of the riding of Pincher Creek-Crowsnest shifted south into Cardston, and the riding was renamed Cardston-Chief Mountain. The riding was named after the town of Cardston and this region is considered one of the most conservative in the province.
Cardston-Chief Mountain was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in 1993 when the boundaries for Cardston were re-drawn after Pincher Creek-Crowsnest moved south. The riding was merged with Taber-Warner in 1997 to form the riding Cardston-Taber-Warner.
Pincher Creek-Macleod was a provincial electoral district in south west Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in 1993, when Pincher Creek-Crowsnest merged with Macleod. In 1997 the riding changed names to Livingstone-Macleod. The riding was situated in the rocky mountains and foothills of south west Alberta and along the Alberta, British Columbia border.
Olds-Didsbury was a provincial electoral district in central southern Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in 1963 as a merger between the Olds and Didsbury ridings. In 1997 the riding merged with the north part of Three Hills-Airdrie to form Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills, the south part became Airdrie-Rocky View. This riding was home to the most famous By-Election in Alberta history, when the separatist Western Canada Concept achieved victory in 1982.
Airdrie-Rocky View was a provincial electoral district in central southern Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in 1997 when Airdrie-Three Hills split. The north part of the riding merged with Olds-Didsbury, to form Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills, the south half became this riding. In 2004 the borders shifted east out of the Municipal District of Rocky View, and the riding was re-named Airdrie-Chestermere.
The Boom (Jeff Matthews-guitar, vocals, Rob Falk-bass, Ron Hendel-guitar &amp; vocals, and Tom Lamont-drums &amp; vocals) was an American punk rock band formed in 1979 by the remnants of Kid Sonic &amp; The Boom, who were the direct descendants of the legendary Supreme Pontiff, (1977-79) who were founded by European Liquidators original (1976-1977) bassist T\u00F6d Venice (real name Rob Falk).
Also known as \"Pumas CU\", \"Pumas\", or \"Universidad\" is the varsity American football team representing the National Autonomous University of Mexico . Is one of the most important and oldest teams in Mexico. They maintain a fierce rivalry with teams from the National Polytechnic Institute particularly with its Azcapotzalco based team from Santo Tomas \u00C1guilas Blancas.
Jasper West was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. It was created after Edmonton broke up into nine districts after the province standardized to the First Past the Post voting system in 1959. In 1963 the district was renamed Edmonton Jasper Place.
Gleichen was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created in 1905 when Alberta first became a province. The riding merged with Drumheller in 1963 to form Drumheller-Gleichen. The district was named after the town of Gleichen Alberta, that is situated on the Siksika Nation.
Rozz Rezabek-Wright (born June 4, 1960), usually Rozz Rezabek, is an American musician based in Portland, Oregon and formerly San Francisco, California. In the late 1970s Rozz Rezabek fronted several punk bands including San Francisco-based Negative Trend which he formed with guitarist Craig Gray and bassist Will Shatter. Rezabek's early 1980s New Wave band, Theatre of Sheep (ToS), was popular in Portland but never made the jump to a wider audience. In attempt to escape ongoing conflicts with a couple of girls Rezabek moved back to San Francisco for several years. Rezabek appeared in the documentary Kurt &amp; Courtney, which also featured the ToS song \"Pyramid's Babylon.\". Renewed interest in ToS has prompted a new limited release greatest hits CD, \"Old Flames. \" On November 3, 2007 Rezabek performed a set of Negative Trend songs in San Francisco at a Lennon Studios benefit for Johnny Genocide. This lineup included Bob Clic (guitar) and Rik Ficara (drums) from The Lewd with Keith Bolinger (bass) from White Noise Records. White Noise released the Rozz and Negative Trend: The Pop Sessions CD in 1998.
Edmonton South was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created in 1913, when the borders of Edmonton, Alberta expanded south. Edmonton was big enough to warrant adding a third seat. The other two seats were elected in a block vote in the Edmonton district. Political history was made in this district when former Premier Alexander Rutherford was defeated in 1913, after being forced to resign as Premier. The election was a shock that would not be rivaled in South Edmonton until sitting premier Don Getty from Edmonton-Whitemud was defeated in 1989. The district merged with Edmonton West, and Edmonton East. to form the second incarnation of the Edmonton district.
Edmonton West was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The riding has existed twice, the first incarnation was created in 1917 when Edmonton broke up into Edmonton East and this one. The two districts were merged along with Edmonton South in 1921 to reform the Edmonton District. The second incarnation was carved out of the south portion of Edmonton North West in 1963. In 1971 the riding was re-named Edmonton-Glenora.
Edmonton East was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created in 1917, out of the Edmonton District. In 1921, the district was merged with Edmonton South and Edmonton West to form the second incarnation of the Edmonton District. Such occurrence is still a controversy in the area.
Whitford was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created in 1913 out of the south west part of the Pakan district and the north part of Vegreville. In 1940 the district was split between Redwater, Willingdon and Vegreville. The district was named after the north west town of Whitford, Alberta.
Strathcona Centre was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada It was created in 1959 after the Edmonton district, broke up into ridings. In 1971 the riding was split, the west part, became the north part of Edmonton-Whitemud, and the east part became Edmonton-Strathcona.
Fanesca is a soup traditional to Ecuador. Its components and preparation vary from one region to other of the country, if not from one family to another. It is typically prepared and served only in the week before Easter. It is a rich soup, with the primary ingredients being figleaf gourd (sambo), pumpkin (zapallo), fava beans and twelve different kinds of grains (chochos, abas, lentils, peas, corn and other) representing the disciples of Jesus, and salt cod, cooked in milk, due to the Christian religious prohibition against red meat during Holy Week (the week before Easter). It is also generally garnished with hard boiled eggs, fried plantains, herbs, parsley, and sometimes empanadas. Fanesca is consumed mid-day (the largest meal of the day is generally consumed mid-day within Ecuadorian culture. ) The making and eating of fanesca is generally a social and/or family function.
Strathcona East was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The riding was created in 1959, out of the Edmonton district when it broke up into nine ridings. In 1971 the riding was split between Edmonton Goldbar and Edmonton Ottewell
Strathcona South was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was created in 1967 out of the southern part of Strathcona East. In 1971 the district was split between Edmonton Avonmore and Edmonton Ottewell.
Fortinet is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California and specializes in network security appliances. Fortinet\u2019s flagship product line is sold under the brand name of FortiGate.
Dr. Abel Prescott (April 7, 1718 &ndash; October 22, 1805) was a physician in Concord, Massachusetts and the father of two American patriots who sounded the alarm on April 19, 1775. He was the father of Samuel and Abel Prescott who both joined Paul Revere and William Dawes on their ride to warn the Miltia that the British were on the move. Samuel Prescott was the only one to actually make it to Concord. Abel rode south to warn the towns of Sudbury and Framingham. The rapid warning of Revere, Dawes, and Samuel and Abel Prescott alerted the Minutemen of this region in time for them to engage the British Army at the Battle of Lexington and Concord.
John Francis Burnes (1883 &ndash; June 12, 1918) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during World War I.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 333 (VMFA-333) was a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of F/A-18 Hornets . Known as the \"Fighting Shamrocks\" and \u201CTrip Trey\u201D, the squadron participated in action during World War II, the Vietnam War and Operation Desert Storm The squadron\u2019s aircraft were easily recognizable by the row of three shamrocks painted on the vertical stabilizers of their aircraft. They were decommissioned on March 31, 1992.
Samuel Pack \"Sam\" Elliott (born August 9, 1944) is an American actor. In films, he is often characterized by his rangy physique, thick horseshoe moustache and distinctively gruff speaking voice.
Gumstix was initially the name of a single-board computer, developed as a hobby project by Gordon Kruberg. The computer was approximately the size of a stick of chewing gum, giving the project its name. It generated so much interest that a company was founded, using the same name, to produce the board commercially. While the design of the main computer boards has always been proprietary, designs for expansion boards are published under a Creative Commons Share-alike license. The software stack is Linux based, built using the OpenEmbedded framework.
Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 301 (HMT-301), was a United States Marine Corps helicopter training squadron stationed at Marine Corps Base Hawaii. Known as the Windwalkers, HMT-301 was part of Marine Aircraft Group 24 (MAG-24) and 1st Marine Aircraft Wing. HMT-301 was deactivated by general order in 2005.
Joseph Celli (born March 19, 1944) is an American musician and composer specializing in contemporary and improvised music for oboe and English horn. In addition, he plays the Yamaha WX7 MIDI breath controller, as well as double reed instruments from several Asian cultures, including the Korean hojok and piri, and the Indian mukha vina. His early training was as a jazz saxophonist which allowed him to work his way through college performing with rhythm and blues and jazz groups as he began specializing in experimental performance for the oboe and English horn. He studied oboe with Ray Still of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and members of the New York Philharmonic, the Boston Symphony Orchestra, and other leading oboists. Subsequently, he received a Fulbright Award to study piri with National Living Treasure Chung Jae-Gook in South Korea and the hichiriki at the Imperial Court Gagaku in Tokyo, Japan. Celli has conducted much work in the field of experimental music, both as a performer and presenter, and has worked with Jin Hi Kim, John Cage, Ornette Coleman, Phill Niblock, Pointless Orchestra, Roberto Carnevale and the Kronos Quartet. He has performed in over 40 countries and presented, with Jerry Hunt, the first live satellite performance in the United States. As a concert presenter he has been involved in over 3,000 events including world premieres by Steve Reich, John Cage, and many others. He presented the U.S. premieres of SPIRAL and SOLO by Karlheinz Stockhausen in addition to over 50 works composed for him by various composers. Celli served as a co-director with Mary Luft of Tigertail Productions for two New Music America festivals in Hartford, Connecticut and Miami, Florida. He is a founding member of the No World Improvisations ensemble and Executive Director of the Black Rock Art Center in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States. He is also the founder and director of O. O. Discs, a CD label devoted to new music that has released over 70 discs.
Phoebe Cary (September 4, 1824 \u2013 July 31, 1871) was an American poet, and the younger sister of poet Alice Cary (1820\u20131871). The sisters co-published poems in 1849, and then each went on to publish volumes of her own. After their deaths in 1871, joint anthologies of the sisters' unpublished poems were also compiled.
The Anthology Club, or Anthology Society (1804-1811) was organized in 1804 in Boston, Massachusetts by the Rev. William Emerson, father of Ralph Waldo Emerson. It was organized in response to the first publication, and first failure for want of patronage, of the Monthly Anthology. As recorded in the History of the Boston Athenaeum, an enterprising firm of publishers, \"being desirous that the work should be continued, applied to the Rev. William Emerson, a clergyman of the place, distinguished for energy and literary taste; and by his exertions several gentlemen of Boston and its vicinity, conspicuous for talent and zealous for literature, were induced to engage in conducting the work, and for this purpose they formed themselves into a Society. This Society was not completely organized until the year 1805, when Dr. Gardiner was elected President, and William Emerson Vice-President. The Society thus formed maintained its existence with reputation for about six years, and issued ten octavo volumes from the press, constituting one of the most lasting and honorable monuments of the literature of the period. \" Early club members included Samuel Cooper Thacher, Joseph Stevens Buckminster, and Joseph Tuckerman, pastors of churches in Boston and vicinity, John Sylvester John Gardiner, the rector of Trinity Church, president of the club throughout the whole period of its existence, and one of the most frequent contributors to its periodical, and William Tudor. Later members included Charles Anderson Dana, Alexander Hill Everett, and John Collins Warren. [William Smith Shaw, President John Adams' former Personal Secretary. ] The club's publication, the Monthly Anthology and Boston Review, or Magazine of Polite Literature, and had contributors including John Quincy Adams, Daniel Webster, and many scholars. However, with the death of Emerson in 1811, the Anthology ceased publication. The famous North American Review which started bimonthly publication in 1815, under the direction of the Anthology Club, is generally considered a revival of the earlier magazine. The Boston Athenaeum library is an outgrowth of the Anthology Club.
Kenton Charles Tekulve (born March 5, 1947 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played most of his career with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Pitching with an unusual submarine delivery, he was known as a workhorse relief pitcher who holds several records for number of games pitched and innings pitched.
Marine Aircraft Group 36 (MAG-36) is an active air group of the United States Marine Corps, tasked with providing assault support aircraft. It is currently part of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW), itself an integral part of the III Marine Expeditionary Force, and based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma in Okinawa, Japan.
Darkbuster is a punk rock band hailing from Boston, Massachusetts, known largely for their songs about the joys of heavy drinking, which have earned them a strong following in the American Northeast. The band was formed by singer/guitarist Lenny Lashley, drummer Eric Edmonston, and bassist Mike Gurley in 1996 and developed a following around Massachusetts. In 1997 the band recorded a nine-song demo tape, and in 2000 released their debut album, 22 Songs You'll Never Want To Hear Again! The album instantly cemented their reputation in the Boston punk scene, filled with songs about beer, being a loser, and even a few juvenile-but-hilarious potshots at other local bands (and even the group's own members). That same year the band added a second guitarist, Paul Delano. In addition, Danny O'Halloran replaced Edmonston as the group's drummer a few months later, and it was this lineup of Lashley, Gurley, Delano, and O'Halloran which won the WBCN Rock &amp; Roll Rumble that year. In 2001 the band recorded five songs for a split EP with Tommy and the Terrors. The new songs received mixed reviews from the group's fans, some of whom felt that the new songs were \"too serious. \" Lashley decided to break up the band the same week, following a grinding month-long U.S. tour. Lashley continued writing songs and formed a country band, Lenny and the Piss Poor Boys, in 2002, which developed an audience of its own and continues to perform. Gurley moved on to The U.S.M. , then to The McGunks. O'Halloran joined The Marvels, and Delano joined Avoid One Thing. Following his departure from the band, Edmonston formed a group called Linus. In 2003 all of the ex-members of the group (including Edmonston) reunited for a few shows, and began recording a new album in 2004, though Delano left the band shortly before recording commenced. The new album, A Weakness For Spirits, strikes a balance between the more mature subject matter of the split EP and the cheap laughs of the first album, while displaying Lashley's knack for writing concise, catchy punk rock songs to fine effect. Indeed, Darkbuster embodies the concept that \"brevity is the soul of wit\" since many of the band's funniest songs clock in at under a minute in length. In May 2005, Lashley injured his left hand in a construction accident at Boston University, leaving him unable to play guitar for several months. The band temporarily brought Amy Griffin onboard as a second guitarist. A DVD containing concert footage of Darkbuster and Lenny and the Piss Poor Boys was released shortly after the accident, with proceeds set aside to help Lashley with his medical bills. A 2005 benefit concert featuring both of Lashley's bands performing with guest singers also raised money to help cover his medical bills. In July 2005 Gurley and Edmonston released an album - entitled 90 Miles From Launch To Target - from their side project band, Drago. In December 2005 it was announced that Edmonston would again be leaving the band at the end of the year, with Griffin becoming a full member and Lashley returning to guitar duties. In May 2006 the band signed with I Scream Records, who re-released A Weakness For Spirits in August 2006. The band is also currently compiling footage for a 10th anniversary DVD. In October 2006 Lashley's country band Lenny and the Piss Poor Boys released their eponymous debut album on the California punk label. Currently the band is on hiatus, although an official breakup has not been announced. On December 27, 2009 Darkbuster played their first show in almost two years at Boston's House Of Blues for the 12th Mighty Mighty Bosstones' Hometown Throwdown.
Saigon Kick was an American rock band from Miami, Florida that formed in 1988.
Adaptec is a computer hardware company based in Milpitas, California that primarily produces host adapters for connecting storage devices to computers. Products are made to interface with USB, FireWire, SCSI, iSCSI, FibreChannel, Serial ATA, as well as audio/video. Some accessory hardware such as USB hubs are also produced by the company. It also sells network-attached storage devices, including the Snap Server product line. Adaptec Easy CD Creator is a now-obsolete suite of CD/DVD authoring and associated programs bundled with many early CD writers. It is now supported by spinoff Roxio.
Chief Warrant Officer Two Donovan L. \"Bull\" Briley was a member of the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (SOAR), the Night Stalkers. Briley was killed after his UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter was shot down on October 3, 1993 in the Battle of Mogadishu. He was the copilot of CW3 Clifton \"Elvis\" Wolcott in Super Six-One. The battle is depicted in the film Black Hawk Down. He is survived by his wife Shari Briley, and his daughter Jordan Briley.
Baron Hermann von Soden (16 August 1852-15 January 1914), German biblical scholar, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, on August 16, 1852, and was educated at the University of T\u00FCbingen. He was minister of Dresden-Striesen in 1881 and in 1887 became minister of the Jerusalem Church in Berlin. In 1889 he became privatdozent in the university of Berlin, and four years later was appointed extraordinary professor of divinity. He fought for a more democratic presbyterian constitution of the congregations within the Evangelical State Church of Prussia's older Provinces. His grave is preserved in the Protestant Friedhof II der Jerusalems- und Neuen Kirchengemeinde (Cemetery No. II of the congregations of Jerusalem's Church and New Church) in Berlin-Kreuzberg, south of Hallesches Tor. His earlier works include Philipperbrief (1890); 'Untersuchungen \u00FCber neutestamentliche Schriften', In: Protestantisches Jahrbuch f\u00FCr theologische Studien und Schriftkommentar (1895-1897); Und was thut die evangelische Kirche? Erwogen angesichts der Reichstagswahlen, zumal in unseren Gro\u00DFst\u00E4dten, 3rd. ed. , Berlin: Nauck, 1890 (a pamphlet written during the campaign for the Reichstag election); Reisebriefe aus Pal\u00E4stina (2nd ed, 1901); Pal\u00E4stina und seine Geschichte: sechs volkst\u00FCmliche Vortr\u00E4ge, 2nd improv. ed. , Leipzig and Berlin: Teubner, 1904 (Aus Natur und Geisteswelt; No. 6); Die wichtigsten Fragen im Leben Jesu (1904); Urchristliche Literaturgeschichte: (die Schriften des Neuen Testaments), Berlin: Duncker, 1905. His most important book is Die Schriften des neuen Testaments, in ihrer \u00E4ltesten erreichbaren Textgestalt / hergestellt auf Grund ihrer Textgeschichte: 4 vols. , Berlin: Glaue, 1902-1910; certainly the most important work on the text of the New Testament which had been published since Westcott and Hort's New Testament in the original Greek. Von Soden introduced, besides a new notation of manuscripts, a new theory of textual history. He believed that in the 4th century there were in existence three recensions of the text, which he distinguished as K, H and I. He contributed to the 1903 Encyclopaedia Biblica. His descendant Wolfram von Soden was a noted Assyriologist.
Paul Dixon was a daytime television celebrity and talk show host in Cincinnati, Ohio. He originally began his career with radio shows in New York City and Chicago before being enticed to come to then-radio station WCPO in Cincinnati as a news reporter and announcer around 1945. He was chosen best newscaster in Cincinnati in 1947 after conducting an interview with men trapped in a collapsed building in downtown Cincinnati. Eventually abandoning radio news in favor of entertainment, he spent his first few years in television as host of Paul Dixon's Song Shop, a three-hour daily show he co-hosted with Dottie Mack and Wanda Lewis pantomiming to records of the day. By 1954 his show was so popular that Dumont Television enticed Dixon to come to New York to do the show nationally. After a year a homesick Dixon returned to Cincinnati, and hired on at WLWT to host a new daytime TV show geared to housewives.
Kenneth Scott Latourette (August 6, 1884 \u2013 December 26, 1968) was an American historian of China, Japan, and world Christianity. His formative experiences as Christian missionary and educator in early 20th century China shaped his life's work. Although he did not learn the Chinese language, he became known for his magisterial scholarly surveys of the history of world Christianity, the history of China, and of American relations with East Asia.
Lloydminster was an Albertan provincial electoral district that was created prior to the 1971 general election to represent Lloydminster and the surrounding area. Prior to the 1971 election, Lloydminster was part of the Vermilion electoral district. Prior to the 1993 general election, Lloydminster was merged with parts of the former Vermilion-Viking constituency (which had also been created for the 1971 election) to form the current district of Vermilion-Lloydminster. Since 1971, both Lloydminster and Vermilion-Lloydminster have elected Progressive Conservative MLAs.
Malta, young beer, or wheat soda is a type of soft drink. It is a carbonated malt beverage, meaning it is brewed from barley, hops, and water much like beer; corn and caramel color may also be added. However, malta is non-alcoholic, and is consumed in the same way as soda or cola. In other words, malta is actually a beer that has not been fermented. Most scholars and historians do believe that malta is the direct ancestor of all soft drinks. It is similar in color to stout (dark brown) but is very sweet, generally described as tasting like molasses. Unlike beer, ice is often added to malta when consumed. A popular way Latin Americans sometimes drink malta is by mixing it with condensed or evaporated milk. Nowadays, most malta is brewed in the Caribbean and can be purchased in areas with substantial Caribbean populations. Aside from the islands of the Caribbean, malta is also popular in Caribbean coastal areas such as Panama, Colombia, and Venezuela and countries that share a Caribbean coast. Malta is brewed worldwide, and is popular in many parts of Africa like Nigeria, Ghana, Cameroon, and in the Indian Ocean. This beverage is also popular in several parts of Europe, especially Germany. Malta Guinness is brewed under license internationally. Malta originated in Germany, as Malzbier (\"malt beer\"), a malty dark beer whose fermentation was interrupted at approximately 2% ABV, leaving quite a lot of residual sugars in the finished beer. Up to the 1950s, Malzbier was considered a fortifying food for nursing mothers, recovering patients, the elderly etc. Malzbier in its native form was finally superseded during the 1960s by its modern form, formulated from water, glucose syrup, malt extract and hops extract, which had been on the market since the latter half of the 19th century, notably in Denmark. Such formulated drinks are to be called Malztrunk (\"malt beverage\") according to German law, since they aren't fermented. In colloquial use, Malzbier has nevertheless remained, along with other nicknames such as Kinderbier (\"children's beer\"). Some native Malzbiere can still be enjoyed in Germany, notably in Cologne, where the taps of breweries Malzm\u00FChle and Sion sell it alongside their traditional K\u00F6lsch. Many German breweries have a malta in their range, sometimes produced under licence (for example Vitamalz). Malta is also occasionally called \"champagne cola\" by some brands. However, there is a separate type of drink with this name, having a flavor and consistency more akin to cream soda. Despite this appellation, neither drink is a champagne or a cola. Due to its distinctive color, malta is sometimes known as black brewed beer. Malta is high in B vitamins. Some breweries, like Albani Brewery of Denmark, fortify their non-alcoholic malta beverages with Vitamin B complex. Albani Brewery claims on their website to have been the first brewery to create non-alcoholic malt beverages in 1859.
Will to Power is the name of an American dance-pop group that originated in southern Florida in the mid-1980s. The group recorded a number of hit singles on the Billboard dance and pop charts in the late 1980s and early 1990s, most notably \"Baby, I Love Your Way/Freebird Medley\", a medley of 1970s hits by Peter Frampton and Lynyrd Skynyrd that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart in December 1988. The group has also seen success on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart and continues to create music into the 21st century.
Foveon, Inc. , is the company that makes the Foveon X3 sensor, which captures images in digital single-lens reflex cameras such as the Sigma Corporation SD9, SD10, SD14 and SD15 as well as in the compacts DP1, DP2 and Polaroid X530. The company was founded in 1997 by Carver Mead, Richard Lyon, Richard B. Merrill, Richard Turner, and others. It is based in Santa Clara, California. Foveon was initially known for their high-end digital portrait camera systems built around a color-separation beam-splitter prism assembly. Both the prism system and the X3 technology derive their benefit from using all the light and sensing all colors at all locations. Foveon, Inc. was previously known as Foveonics. The name is derived from the fovea of the human eye, which enables sharp imaging while reading or watching television. George Gilder has written The Silicon Eye, which tells the story of Foveon and of Carver Mead and the other founders. On 11 November 2008, all shares of Foveon stock were acquired by Sigma Corporation.
Lois Pines is a Democratic politician from Massachusetts. She ran for Massachusetts Attorney General in 1998 against Thomas Reilly, also a Democrat. Pines has also served in the state legislature for a number of years. In 2002, Pines ran for Massachusetts Lieutenant Governor, but lost in the primary. She also ran for Lieutenant Governor, but was defeated in the Primary by John Kerry. she also was defeated for Secretary of State in the 1978 primary. Lois Pines is currently a director of the Federal Home Loan Bank in Boston.
Forward air control is the provision of guidance to Close Air Support (CAS) aircraft intended to ensure that their attack hits the intended target and does not injure friendly troops. This task is carried out by a forward air controller (FAC). For NATO forces the qualifications and experience required to be a FAC are set out in a NATO Standard (STANAG). FACs may form part of a Fire Support Team or Tactical Air Control Party, they may be ground based, airborne FACs in fixed wing aircraft (FAC-A) or in helicopters (ABFAC). Since 2003 the United States Armed Forces have used the term joint terminal attack controller (JTAC) for some of their ground based FACs, prior to this they used the term Forward Air Guide(FAG). A primary function of a Forward Air Controller is ensuring the safety of friendly troops. Enemy targets in the Forward Edge of the Battle Area (FEBA) are often close to friendly forces and therefore friendly forces are at risk of friendly fire through proximity during air attack. The danger is twofold: the bombing pilot cannot identify the target clearly, and is not aware of the locations of friendly forces. Camouflage, constantly changing situation and the fog of war all increase the risk. Air interdiction the term used for air attacks conducted at such distance from friendly forces that detailed integration of each air mission with the fire and movement of friendly forces is not required, thus it by definition does not involve the participation of a FAC.
Captain William H. \"Bill\" Nation (1919 - 31 January 1945), was a Texan officer of the United States 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment. He was billeted at Wollaton Park, Nottinghamshire, England in World War II and shot colour 8 mm cine footage of life there as well as in Nottingham. William jumped on D-Day in the same stick as 508th Commander, Col. Roy E. Lindquist. Additionally, Nation also jumped during Operation Market Garden into the Netherlands on September 17, 1944. He was killed in action in 1945, when an 88 mm German shell hit the building he was in while setting up a forward command post during the Battle of the Bulge. William Nation was awarded a Bronze Star with an oak leaf cluster and a Purple Heart. He is buried in Henri-Chapelle American Cemetery and Memorial in Belgium.
No Mercy is an American pop and dance music group formed by Frank Farian in Florida in 1995, consisting of Marty Cintron III (born September 24, 1971) from New York City and twin brothers, Ariel and Gabriel Hern\u00E1ndez (born June 3, 1971), from Miami, Florida.
Edward Leslie Grant, was an American third baseman in Major League Baseball who became one of the few major leaguers who were killed in World War I.
Sullivan Ballou (March 28, 1829 \u2013 July 28, 1861) was a lawyer, politician, and major in the United States Army. He is best remembered for the eloquent letter he wrote to his wife a week before he fought and was mortally wounded alongside his Rhode Island Volunteers in the First Battle of Bull Run.
Whitewood, was a territorial electoral district in the Northwest Territories of Canada from 1887 to 1905. The district was created from the former district of Broadview, prior to the 1888 general election. This district was the first to use a secret ballot. During the 1894 By-election, ballots were first used in this electoral district. The territory went to using colored pencils on paper to count ballots, except someone forgot the pencil for the Candidate William Clements at the Fairmede polling station, and one had to be sent out from the Chief electoral office in Regina. Fred Chamberlain, the local liveryman, drove his horse and carriage twenty-five miles through a raging blizzard to deliver a new pencil and arrived just before the polls opened. After the province of Saskatchewan split from the Northwest Territories in 1905, Whitewood continued to exist as a district in Saskatchewan until 1908.
Harold Gomberg (November 30, 1916 \u2013 September 7, 1985) was the principal (first or solo) oboist of the New York Philharmonic from 1943 through 1977. Born in Malden, Massachusetts, Harold and his brother Ralph studied with Marcel Tabuteau, considered the father of American oboe playing, at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia. Prior to joining the New York Philharmonic, Harold Gomberg held positions with the National Symphony Orchestra, the Toronto Symphony and the St. Louis Symphony. He was a long time member of the faculty of the Juilliard School, and recorded several albums of solo oboe repertoire during his long and very distinguished career. His younger brother Ralph Gomberg, (d. 2006) was the long time principal oboist of the Boston Symphony. Harold Gomberg was also an avid painter, and was married to the harpist/composer Margret Brill. He died of a heart attack in Capri.
John Pelham (September 7, 1838 &ndash; March 17, 1863) was an artillery officer who served with the Confederate cavalry under J.E.B. Stuart during the American Civil War. Dubbed \"The Gallant Pelham\" for his military prowess and personal courage, Pelham revolutionized the usage of light artillery as a mobile arm of the cavalry.
Myrna Mack Chang (24 October 1949 &ndash; 11 September 1990) was a Guatemalan anthropologist. She was born in Barrio San Nicol\u00E1s, Retalhuleu department, to a mixed Maya/Chinese family. She studied anthropology in the United Kingdom, at both the University of Manchester and Durham University. Upon returning to Guatemala, she conducted fieldwork among several of the many Maya campesino communities uprooted during the Civil War. She was assassinated outside her office in Guatemala City (stabbed 27 times) by an armed forces death squad (allegedly educated by the School of the Americas). In April 2004, following a judgment issued by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, the Guatemalan government publicly recognized that its agents had committed the killing and provided her next-of-kin with a compensation package. Her sister Helen Mack was honored with a Right Livelihood Award in 1992 \"for her personal courage and persistence in seeking justice and an end to the impunity of political murderers.\"
The Charms were a rock band from Somerville, Massachusetts. The band consists of members Ellie Vee, Joe Wizda, Mark Nigro, and Jason Meeker.
Kimberly \"Kim\" Rhodes (born June 7, 1969) is an American actress, who portrayed the role of \"Cindy Harrison\" on two different soap opera series, Another World and As the World Turns, as well as Carey Martin in the Disney Channel sitcom The Suite Life of Zack &amp; Codyand The Suite Life on Deck, where she played the mother of twins Zack and Cody.
Stanford Research Systems is a maker of general test and measurement instruments. The company was founded in 1980, is privately held, and is not affiliated with Stanford University. Stanford Research Systems (SRS) manufactures all of their products at their Sunnyvale, California facility. SRS produces scientific and engineering instruments for a number of different fields. Many of the products fall under the general category of \"signal recovery. \" These products are primarily sold to industry, university, and government labs, or sold as OEM components to other manufacturers.
Senator Thomas J. Dodd Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Norwich, Connecticut. It is primarily used for baseball, and starting in 2010 will be the home of the Connecticut Tigers of the New York - Penn League. It was the home field of the Connecticut Defenders minor league baseball team until 2009 when the Defenders announced their move to Richmond, Virginia to be the Richmond Flying Squirrels. It was built in 1995 and has a seating capacity of 6,270. It is named for Eastern Connecticut native Thomas Dodd who was a United States Senator and Representative from Connecticut, and the father of U.S. Senator Christopher Dodd. Dodd Stadium hosted the 12th and final Double-A All-Star Game on July 10, 2002, in front of a standing-room-only crowd of 8,009. The three AA leagues began holding their own separate All-Star Games starting in 2003, with Dodd Stadium scheduled to host the Eastern League game once again on July 11, 2007. (That game was ultimately canceled in the 3rd inning due to excessive fog. ) The facility has also been the site of the New England Collegiate All-Star Game; the Big East baseball tournament; several concerts including the Beach Boys, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, and Clint Black/Dwight Yoakam; and a TNA Wrestling event. During the fall of 2006, the stadium was used as the setting for the ESPN miniseries The Bronx Is Burning, based on a Jonathan Mahler book of the same name. The stadium is sunk into the surrounding ground, so that all fans enter at street level and walk down to get to their seats. Each section has 22 to 25 rows of seating, split into box seats (closest to field) and reserved seats. Beyond first and third bases, there is a third category of general-admission seats making up the top 10 rows. A wide concourse runs around the top of the seating area, with concession stands, restrooms, and a gift shop. The press box is also located at concourse level, overlooking the field. Other than behind the press box, fans can continue to watch the game while standing in line or while walking around the stadium. There are 18 skyboxes, elevated above the concourse and accessible by stairs or elevator for ticket-holders only. The skyboxes and their outdoor seating serve as cover for the main concourse below, and for the top couple rows of reserved seats. Down the left- and right-field lines are grassy berms which are popular with children because they abut the bullpens. These are also frequent landing places for foul balls. The left-field side also features a large covered picnic area which can be rented out, and a kids' play area with inflatable slides. One room off the concourse has been made into a video arcade. The stadium is located in the Norwich Business Park, and the parking fee is two dollars. Season ticket holders park on a paved lot on the first-base side of the stadium; all other parking is in a large gravel area.
The Boston Conservatory is an arts conservatory located in the Fenway-Kenmore region of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It has undergraduate and graduate programs in music, dance, theater, and music education. The Conservatory offers the Bachelor of Fine Arts, Bachelor of Music, and Master of Music degrees. The Boston Conservatory was founded in 1867.
William Edward Wegman (born December 19, 1962 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. After graduating from Oak Hills High School, Wegman was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 5th round of the 1981 amateur draft, where he played throughout his entire eleven-year career, ending October 1, 1995. Wegman won a career-high 15 games in 1991, with a 2.84 earned run average. He earned a peak salary of USD$ 2,375,000 a year from 1992 to 1995.
Branch Barrett Rickey, grandson of Branch Rickey, serves as the president of the Pacific Coast League. He replaced the retiring Bill Cutler who served as PCL president from 1979 to 1997. Rickey had been the president of the venerable American Association which was disbanded during a realignment by the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues in a scale-down from three Triple-A leagues, the Pacific Coast League, the International League, and the American Association, to two in 1997. His greatest achievements to date have been in the redevelopment of minor league baseball as a \"fan friendly\" sport that caters to a broader audience of families, women, and children. Under his watch, the Pacific Coast League has had a face-lift of virtually all of its ballparks and has seen attendance rise from the low thousands into the multiple thousands at most of the facilities in the league. Prior to his involvement as a league president, Branch spent over twenty years in major league baseball, in player development with the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds, as a scout, as an Assistant Scouting Director during the 70\u2019s, and in the 80\u2019s as Director of Player Development. At Ohio Wesleyan University, Rickey played baseball, wrestled, and was co-captain of the Varsity Soccer team. He has officiated International Freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling, culminating with his participation as a referee in the Olympic Games. He began his professional career with the Pirates in 1963 at the age of 17 when he became Business Manager of their rookie league affiliate in the Appalachian League, at Kingsport, Tennessee. He worked with Pirate rookie teams during the summers while pursuing his college degree at Ohio Wesleyan University. Following graduation with a degree in Philosophy, he served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Venezuela from 1967-69, then as a college campus recruiter for the Peace Corps, and subsequently as a U.S. regional recruitment director in 1971. He returned to professional baseball in 1972 as Assistant Director of the Kansas City Royals Baseball Academy in Sarasota, Florida. The Academy was a major league experiment to take teenage players with overall athletic skill and develop them into major league players. When the Academy was closed by the Royals in 1974, Rickey rejoined the Pirates. Rickey comes from a long line of baseball men known by the same name. His grandfather Wesley Branch Rickey invented the baseball farm system, a chain of levels of development teams that serve a major league baseball club. He also invented the batting cage, the batting helmet, and a host of workouts and development programs that are standards of baseball. Rickey's grandfather built dynasties with the St. Louis Cardinals and Brooklyn Dodgers, and was best known outside of baseball for breaking the color line and admitting Dodgers star Jackie Robinson to what had been all-white baseball leagues by 'gentleman's agreement. ' His father, Branch Rickey Jr. , served as farm system director for both the Dodgers and the Pirates.
Chupe is thought of as a soup, although it more closely resembles a stew in North American parlance. It is typically eaten with a large spoon, although a knife and fork may also be used to carve pieces of meat from bones, or to peel shrimp. It is generally made with chicken, red meat, lamb or beef tripe and other offal, or with fish or shellfish such as loco. Vegetables are also a staple ingredient of chupes. All chupes contain potatoes in some form. Chupe de Camarones (made with crayfish) is widely popular among the Southern coastal region of Peru Although the original recipe calls for crayfish, shrimp chupe has become more widely eaten, as fresh or frozen shrimp become more common. The preparation consists of cooking potatoes and onions in butter, then adding various spices, such as chilli powder. Then, water, tomatoes, and sometimes chicken broth are added. Before serving the broth, it is mixed with milk. Chupe is typical of South American cuisine, but more specifically to the cuisines of Chile and Peru. The city of Arequipa in Peru has a traditional sequence of chupes that are served on specific days of the week. On Fridays, the chupe is meatless because of the religious traditions of the country.
Tonal is a concept within the study of Mesoamerican religion, myth, folklore and anthropology. It refers to the belief found in many indigenous Mesoamerican cultures that a person upon being born requires a close spiritual link to an animal, a link that lasts throughout the lives of both creatures. It is in this way similar to the concept of Totem. The word comes from the Nahuatl word tonalli, meaning \"day\" or \"daysign\". In the Aztec belief system the day of a person's birth calculated in the Tonalpohualli would determine the nature of the person - each day was associated with an animal which could have a strong or weak aspect. The person born on the day of for example \"the dog\" would then have the weak aspect of the dog. In Nahuatl the word Tonalli was used to refer both to a day and to the animal related to that day. In Mayan belief the concept of an animal companion of a person was referred to as \"Way\". The modern Mixe people refer to it as Ts'ok(Lipp 1991). The Jakaltek Maya people of Concepcion Huista, Guatemala call it yixomal ispi\u0282an nax, meaning \"soul bearer\". The study of tonalism was initiated by noted archaeologist, linguist and ethnologist Daniel Garrison Brinton who published a treatise called \"Nagualism: A Study in Native-American Folklore and History\"which chronicled historical interpretations of the word and those who practiced nagualism in Mexico in 1894. He identified the different beliefs associated with tonalism in some modern Mexican communities such as the Mixe, the Nahuas, the Zapotecs and Mixtecs.
Charles Egerton Osgood (November 20, 1916 \u2013 September 15, 1991) was a distinguished American psychologist who developed a technique for measuring the connotative meaning of concepts, known as the semantic differential.
Strathcona was a territorial electoral district in the Northwest Territories from 1902 - 1905, after 1905 Alberta split from the territories, the Strathcona district continues to exist to present day.
Lorne was an electoral district that existed in the District of Saskatchewan, Northwest Territories from 1880 until 1888. The district was one of the first three created by Royal Proclamation in 1880. Of the first three electoral districts proclaimed, it was the only one to actually have an election held in it. Under the Northwest Territories Act 1880 the district was mandated at its inception to return a single member to the Northwest Territories Legislature under the First Past the Post electoral system. The district was named in the honour of former Governor General, the Marquess of Lorne. Lorne would tour the through the Northwest Territories just after the electoral district was created in 1881. The electoral district ceased to exist at the drop of the writ for the 1888 Northwest Territories general election. This was due to a population boom in the area caused by an influx of settlers. The electoral district was redistributed and split between the electoral districts of Batoche and the Prince Albert electoral district. During the nine years the district existed, it returned three members through three elections who served roughly three year terms.
Innisfail was an electoral district in the Northwest Territories from 1902 to 1905. The district was named after the town of Innisfail, Alberta, after Alberta was created in 1905 the district was carried over and existed until 1993.
Cumberland was an electoral district in the Northwest Territories from 1891 - 1894, the riding was in the rural area to the northeast of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. Cumberland disappeared in 1894 when it merged with the newly created Prince Albert East. A new incarnation of the cumberland district has existed in Saskatchewan from 1912 to present.
NeoMagic Corporation NASDAQ: NMGC is a fabless semiconductor company and supplier of low-power audio and video integrated circuits for mobile use (MagicMedia). On September 24th, 2008, NeoMagic announced plans to \"wind down\" and cease all business operations after stopping efforts to raise additional capital. Later, on October 6th, 2008, NeoMagic received notice of their delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market.
Sopa de pata is a hearty Salvadoran soup made from cow\u2019s feet, tripe, yuca, chayotes, sweet corn), bananas, and string beans. It may be seasoned with and flavored to taste with lemon or chile.
\"Pickman's Model\" is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft, written in September 1926 and first published in the October 1927 issue of Weird Tales. It was adapted for television in 1972 as an episode of the Night Gallery anthology series.
Nicholas Minue (birth unknown &ndash; died April 28, 1943) received the Medal of Honor for military service on behalf of the United States of America in World War II. He received this recognition for charging a group of German soldiers that had a machine-gun position near Medjez El Bab, Tunisia. He died during the charge.
Algernon Emory Smith (September 17, 1842 &ndash; June 25, 1876) was an officer in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed in the Battle of the Little Bighorn in the Montana Territory. Smith was born in the state of New York, where he attended Hamilton College. In June 1862, during the American Civil War, he enlisted in Company K, U.S. 7th Infantry Regiment. He became a lieutenant in the 117th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment until October 1863 when he assigned to Maj. Gen. Alfred Terry as an aide-de-camp. He was severely wounded at Fort Fisher in January 1865. He was later breveted to major for his actions in the war. After the war, in 1867, Smith joined the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment under George Armstrong Custer. He soon became friends with Custer, and was part of the so-called \"Custer Clan\" or \"Custer Gang\" of close-knit friends and relatives of the general. Custer called him \"Fresh\" Smith, the opposite of \"Salty\" Smith. He married Nettie B. Bowen on October 10, 1867, at her home in Newport, New York. Smith served in the 1868 Washita Campaign, seeing his first action against the Native Americans. He was promoted to first lieutenant on December 5, 1868. He participated in most the 7th Cavalry's campaigns, including the 1873 Yellowstone campaign and as assistant quartermaster in the 1874 Black Hills expedition. Although the 1st lieutenant of Company A, Smith was named as assigned to command Company E, whose commander was at Fort Leavenworth, and was killed as a result in the Battle of the Little Bighorn. His body was not found among his men, but instead was discovered with Custer in the small knot of dead troops on \"Final Stand Hill. \" Smith was given a hasty burial on the battlefield. He was reinterred in 1877 in the Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. His widow survived until 1903.
George Walter Yates (February 26, 1843 &ndash; June 25, 1876) was an officer in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment. He was killed with George Armstrong Custer in the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
\u00C1guilas Blancas de la ESCA-ESIQIE, also known as Polit\u00E9cnico or simply \u00C1guilas Blancas, is a Mexican college football team representing the National Polytechnic Institute in the National Student Organization of American Football (ONEFA). It's one of the most successful college football teams in Mexico having won 5 national championships throughout their history. They maintain a fierce rivalry with teams from the National Autonomous University of Mexico particularly with its Coyoac\u00E1n based team from Ciudad Universitaria, Pumas Dorados de la UNAM.
Aztecas de la UDLA is the representative team of the Universidad de las Am\u00E9ricas as a collegiate American football squad that plays in the ONEFA (College American Football League). In 1947 the team began its life as the American football squad of Mexico City College with the nickname los Aztecas. That same year the squad was admitted into the most important American football conference in Mexico, Liga Mayor. In this conferece the team plays against teams with long traditions such as the Pumas Dorados de la UNAM, the Instituto Politecnico Nacional, Team Education, YMCA and the Military College. Luis Dias, a brilliant player from UCLA, was named the first coach of the first Aztecas. Next to him, 2 ex-players from the Rose Bowl were added to the staff: Mary Schinitzer as a linemen coach and Len McVicar as backfield coach. That year they reached great levels of excellence, and that year they were called: The Green wave of Mexico City College. En 1949, the Aztecas recruited great players suchs as Alex Esquivel from Texas. In October 18, 1949, \u201Cthe Green Wave\u201D had a match against the leader team, the Pumas Dorados de la UNAM. That game was called \u201CThe game of the century\u201D. In 1949, The Aztecas won their first championship during the \u201Cold\u201D Mexican American Football age. The team then vanished for years until it re-apperead in 1979. During that year the team was restarted by some players who wanted to have a team for the University of the Americas - Puebla. Coach Leonardo Luj\u00E1n Casta\u00F1\u00F3n and Coach Leonardo Corror Ferrer took the lead and guided the team thru these difficult times. In 1986 the squad entered the ONEFA, but it was not until 1991 that the championship of the minor conferece (Conferencia Nacional) was reached and the team ascended to the major category (Conferecia Metropolitana). Since 1994 the team has achieved three sub-championships: in 1994, 1998 and 1999, then came the golden age with three championships in '95, '96 and '97. The 1995 season ended with the Aztecas' deafet of the Condores de la UNAM (Pumas Dorados de la UNAM) with score of 43-13. In 1996 the final match was took place in Monterrey where the Aztecas defeated home team Borregos Salvajes 6-3 in what was a heavily defensive match. The 1997 championship again pitted las Aztecas against, this time as at home, against the Borregos Salvajes who they again defeated with a score of 21\u201311. The team was put in danger at the beginning of 2004 due to a decision of the university board of directors, but with a great effort of the university community, players, coaches and mass media the team achieves the chance to dispute the 2005 season. The team has now, however, returned to normal play.
Salsa Lizano, known in English as \"Lizano Sauce\" (Salsa means \"sauce\" in Spanish), is a Costa Rican condiment developed in 1920 by the Lizano Company. It is now a product of Knorr. It is a thin, smooth, light brown sauce (akin to such condiments as HP Sauce). It is meant to be used while cooking or \u2014 popularly \u2014 at tableside to flavor one's food when serving. It is slightly sweet with a hint of spiciness lent by black pepper and cumin. The ingredients include water, sugar, salt, vegetables (onions, carrots, cauliflower, cucumbers), spices, acetic acid, pepper, starch, hydrolyzed corn protein, mustard, turmeric, sodium benzoate, sodium bisulfite, and sulfur dioxide. Many Costa Rican dishes are prepared with Salsa Lizano, and it is ubiquitous on restaurant tables in its country of origin. It is commonly used with gallo pinto and tamales, and is also considered particularly complementary with eggs, rice, beans, cheese, curries, and as a marinade for meat. Salsa Lizano is increasingly available commercially throughout the North American Continent, including the United States.
Timothy James Naehring (born February 1, 1967 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was a Major League Baseball infielder who spent his entire injury-plagued 8-year career (1990-1997) with the Boston Red Sox. He was Boston's starting third baseman for 2-1/2 seasons before he was forced into retirement at age 30 due to injury. Tim Naehring graduated from La Salle High School and later was drafted by the Red Sox in the 8th round of the 1988 amateur draft out of Miami University. He made his major league debut on July 15, 1990 against the Kansas City Royals. In his years as a starter, Naehring was a fine-fielding third baseman and solid all-around offensive player. He hit .307 with 10 HR and 57 RBI for the AL East Champion Red Sox in 1995. The following season, he hit .288 and set career highs with 17 HR and 65 RBI. In his final campaign in 1997, Naehring was on his way to having his finest season, as he batted .286 with 9 HR and 40 RBI through just 70 games, but a shoulder injury forced him to miss more than half the games that year. He played his final game on June 23, 1997 against the Toronto Blue Jays. Naehring homered in his second to last at bat.
B5 is an R&amp;B boy band originating from St. Petersburg, Florida and later relocating to Atlanta, Georgia. The group now is confirming that their new name is \"Audio\". The group consists of Dustin Michael Breeding, Kelly Allen Breeding, Patrick Owen Breeding, Carnell Fredrick Breeding and Bryan Jesse Breeding. They were formerly known as the TNT Boyz featuring only the four eldest brothers, but renamed themselves B5 when Bryan, the youngest brother, joined the group. They are the cousins of MYXX.
The Borregos Salvajes is the name of all the sports teams that represent the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (ITESM) in different sports, such as: basketball, volleyball, football and soccer for both men's and women's teams.
The Kaqchikel, or Kaqchiquel, language (in modern orthography; formerly also spelled Cakchiquel or Cakchiquiel) is an indigenous Mesoamerican language and a member of the Quichean-Mamean branch of the Mayan languages family. It is spoken by the indigenous Kaqchikel people in central Guatemala. It is closely related to the K'iche' (Quich\u00E9) and Tz'utujil languages.
The Click Five (often abbreviated as TC5) is a power pop/alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. The original members, most of them students at Berklee College of Music, started on on January 1, 2003 and played in various local venues. They then quickly got the attention of talent scout Wayne Sharp (who had also started the power pop group 'Candy'). The Click Five made their first recording, a two-song demo session, in early 2004 after successful local touring. They released their debut album Greetings from Imrie House in 2005. After vocalist Eric Dill left the group, they replaced his spot with Kyle Patrick and then released Modern Minds and Pastimes in 2007. After being dropped from their label, the group released several songs independently, and Ben Romans stated in March 2009 that a self-financed new album would be coming \"soon\". The members have been known for their Mod-based public image, involving sharp-looking suits and ties coupled with moptop haircuts, which is deliberately reminiscent of The Beatles. They prefer to classify their music as 'new school power pop'. However, they have also been classified as 'pop punk', 'teen pop', or as a 'boy band'. After achieving massive commercial success with their first album, their second release did not sell nearly as well. They have played to smaller, more local audiences since in the U.S. , although they have achieved extreme popularity in Asian countries such as Cambodia and the Philippines. In total, the band has sold two million albums worldwide and have created eight number one singles in seven different nations.
Capt. James Callaway, (1783-1815), grandson of Daniel Boone. Callaway County, Missouri was named after Capt. Callaway.
Kelly Schumacher (born October 14, 1977 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American professional basketball player. She had been playing in the WNBA for the Detroit Shock, until her release 18 June 2009. After her junior season at the University of Connecticut, she competed with USA Basketball as a member of the gold medal-winning Jones Cup Team that compiled a 4-0 record in Taipei. In her professional career she plays in Spanish League in Arranz Burgos, Perfumer\u00EDas Avenida and now in UB F.C. Barcelona
The Cavedogs were a rock music band that formed in Boston in the late 1980s. The band featured Brian Stevens (bass/vocals), Todd Spahr (guitar/vocals), and Mark Rivers (drums/vocals). The trio broke up in the early 1990s, but reunited for several shows in 2002. The Cavedogs were known for energetic live shows featuring finely crafted power pop songs, skillful playing, and three-part harmonies. The band also displayed a collective sense of humor while on stage and sometimes featured the comedy troupe Cross Comedy before and during shows. Performances usually ended with stirring cover songs, such as the Beatles' \"Tomorrow Never Knows\" and the Who's \"A Quick One While He's Away\". The Cavedogs released the album Joy Rides for Shut-Ins in 1990, the EP Six Tender Moments in 1991, and the album Soul Martini in 1992. The band members went on to record in bands and as solo artists after the break up.
Macleod is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 2004.
Lacombe is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1993.
Red Deer was a provincial electoral district representing the city of Red Deer, Alberta in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1905 to 1986. The district was split into Red Deer North and Red Deer South in 1986. For most of the districts history, it was a swing riding, with no party being able win with a second representative until the Progressive Conservatives in the 70's.
Twisted Method was a four-piece nu metal music group from Cape Coral, Florida.
John Henry Pruitt (October 4, 1896&ndash;October 4, 1918) was a United States Marine during World War I and is one of only 19 people who received two Medals of Honor. The Medals of Honor were presented posthumously for his actions during World War I.
Boston Ballet, founded in 1963 by E. Virginia Williams, was the first professional repertory ballet company in New England. Boston Ballet\u2019s national and international reputation developed under the leadership of Artistic Directors Violette Verdy (1980-1984), Bruce Marks (1985-1997), and Anna-Marie Holmes (1997-2000). Today, Boston Ballet is one of the major ballet companies in North America and among the top companies in the world. Current Artistic Director Mikko Nissinen was selected to lead Boston Ballet in September 2001. Under his artistic direction, Boston Ballet maintains an internationally recognized repertoire of classical, neo-classical and contemporary works, ranging from full-length story ballets to masterworks by George Balanchine, to new works and world premieres by contemporary choreographers. Nissinen leads the company, and Boston Ballet School, the largest ballet school in North America, with Executive Director Barry Hughson. In 1979, Boston Ballet opened the Nervi Festival in Italy, and in 1980 was the first American dance company to perform in the People's Republic of China. The Company made its London premiere in 1981, with a full-length production of Swan Lake. In 1983, Boston Ballet presented Don Quixote on Broadway with Rudolf Nureyev as special guest artist, after touring the United States, Mexico, France, and Italy. Boston Ballet collaborated with choreographer Mark Morris for the first time in 1986, performing his Mort Subite at the PepsiCo Festival in Purchase, New York. The following year Boston Ballet was the first ballet company to perform at the BESSIE Dance and Performance award ceremony at New York City Center. Boston Ballet was the first major dance company to commission works from contemporary choreographers Mark Morris, Susan Marshall, Ralph Lemon, Elisa Monte, and Helen Pickett. In May 1990, Natalia Dudinskaya and Konstantin Sergeyev, along with then-assistant artistic director Anna-Marie Holmes, staged a new production of Swan Lake featuring Boston Ballet dancers performing the leading roles with dancers from the Kirov Ballet and the Bolshoi Ballet. In recent years, the Company has added James Kudelka\u2019s Cinderella, George Balanchine\u2019s Copp\u00E9lia, Jewels, and Midsummer Night\u2019s Dream, the American premiere of Jir\u00ED Kyli\u00E1n\u2019s Black and White and John Cranko's Onegin, The Taming of the Shrew and Romeo &amp; Juliet to its repertoire. Boston Ballet made its debut at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. , in January 1990. In July 1991, Boston Ballet toured throughout Spain. During the summer of 2007, the Company completed a second tour of Spain to audience and critical acclaim. Boston Ballet\u2019s most recent touring has included appearances at the Guggenheim Museum\u2019s Works &amp; Process series, the Fall for Dance festivals held at New York City Center and Orange County Performing Arts Center as well as back-to-back performances at the Spoleto Festival USA and The Kennedy Center\u2019s Ballet Across America series in Spring 2008. Boston Ballet embarked on its first tour to Seoul, Korea in the summer of 2008 presenting a range of works by George Balanchine, Twyla Tharp and Christopher Wheeldon, never before seen by Korean audiences. In fall 2009, Boston Ballet's sole performance venue became the Opera House. Located in Boston\u2019s Theater District, this 2,500-seat theater provides clear sightlines and has a newly renovated orchestra pit. Boston Ballet maintains a repertoire that combines classics such as Marius Petipa\u2019s The Sleeping Beauty, August Bournonville\u2019s La Sylphide along with contemporary versions of classics, such as Mikko Nissinen\u2019s Swan Lake, and John Cranko\u2019s Romeo and Juliet, along with new works by contemporary choreographers including William Forsythe, Jir\u00ED Kyli\u00E1n, Mark Morris, David Dawson, Christopher Wheeldon and Helen Pickett. Boston Ballet appointed Jorma Elo as Resident Choreographer in 2005. Since then, Elo has created six works for the company, including Plan to B, Brake the Eyes and Le Sacre du Printemps. In 2009, The New York Times hailed Boston Ballet\u2019s repertoire as \u201Cone of the most eclectic in the country. \u201D Boston Ballet\u2019s The Nutcracker has been performed annually for forty-two years. Over 35 performances employ the talents of the entire company and more than 250 Boston Ballet School students who perform in the production every year. Boston Ballet operates Boston Ballet School with more than 3,000 students at four locations in Boston, Newton, Norwell and Marblehead for ages 2 through adult. The Boston Ballet Center for Dance Education offers numerous educational and outreach activities for the community. Collectively, programs include Summer Dance Workshop, Summer Dance Program, Citydance, Taking Steps, and Adaptive Dance in partnership with Children\u2019s Hospital Boston. Boston Ballet\u2019s outreach programs reach over 7,000 children each year. Boston Ballet\u2019s headquarters at 19 Clarendon Street in Boston\u2019s South End neighborhood is one of the largest and best-equipped dance spaces in the country. Designed by architect Graham Gund, this five-story, 60,000-square-foot building is an important hub for dance in New England.
Captain Alexander R. Skinker (October 13, 1883 - September 26, 1918) was a Medal of Honor Recipient during World War I. He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis in 1905 before becoming commissioned as an officer in the United States Army. He was awarded the medal while leading an attack on German pill boxes in the Hindenburg Line in which he was subsequently killed.
John R. Litchfield (7 March 1899 &ndash; 15 September 1918) was a sailor in the United States Navy during World War I.
PortalPlayer, founded in 1999, is a fabless semiconductor company that supplies system-on-a-chip semiconductors, firmware and software for personal media players. The company handles semiconductor design and firmware development, while subcontracting the actual semiconductor manufacturing to merchant foundries. It gained notoriety as the company with which Apple contracted for development of the original iPod. The company went public with an IPO in November 2004 and traded on the NASDAQ under ticker symbol PLAY. Sales to Apple grew to 90% of the company's gross revenue, which ultimately hurt the company when Apple switched media processor chip vendors in its iPod lines. On January 5, 2007, NVIDIA Corporation announced that it had acquired PortalPlayer, Inc. for about $357 million.
Aloud is an American, Boston-based indie rock band known for its songwriting and vocal prowess as well as using a two lead singer approach. Founded in 2002 by Jennifer de la Osa (lead vocals, guitar) and Henry Beguiristain (lead vocals, guitar), the group was rounded out by bassist Roy Fontaine and drummer Ross Lohr until 2008 and 2009 (respectively). In 2006, they created the Lemon Merchant Records label to release their own music and have been played on over 100 college radio stations around the United States. Aloud is currently on a U.S. tour in support of their latest album Fan The Fury.
The Allstonians are a third wave ska/reggae band formed in Allston, Massachusetts in 1992. They have released three albums, on the Moon Ska Records label and the most recent on Fork In Hand Records. They have also appeared on many ska compilations. The band has been featured on MTV's The Real World, and can be heard often on college radio in the United States. They are influenced by bands such as The Skatalites, Laurel Aitken, Madness, The Specials, and The English Beat. After splitting in 2004, the band reunited, and in 2007, the Allstonians announced that frontman \"King K\" had rejoined. The band, which has resumed performing concerts, now features original members Nigel T. Knucklehead, Darrell 'D-Train' Morrow, Ken 'King K' Knucklehead, Steve!, as well as longstanding members Tom 'Tell it like it is' Quartulli, Kurt \"Luke\" Wahlstrom, Eric \"Merv\" Bridson, Matt Maloney, \"Father\" David Roy, Jim Zavadoski, and Tyler \"T-Bone\" Oulton. The Allstonians supported and served as backing band for Laurel Aitken on his final tour of the US in 1999, playing five weeks' worth of shows. The Allstonians offer some sample songs for download on their official website: \"Mikey Dee\" and \"Sean Connery\" from their 2003 release \"Bottom's Up,\" and two unreleased songs, \"Ordinary Day,\" and their cover of \"Secret Love\", inspired by Lord Tanamo's version which was inspired by Doris Day's version.
The Yellowknife Administration district, was an appointed district representing Yellowknife, Northwest Territories. The district was created by legislation in 1939. However, it was not until 1947 that a vacancy opened up on the Northwest Territories council, and John G. McNiven of Yellowknife was appointed. The district itself included all of the District of Mackenzie, but essentially represented the entire Northwest Territories since no other member appointed to the council was from the territory at the time. In 1951 the Administration district was split into three electoral districts Mackenzie North, Mackenzie South and Mackenzie West.
New Mexican Disaster Squad was a hardcore punk band. It was formed in Orlando, Florida in 1999. Their last show was at the Fest 7 on November 1, 2008. The band's MySpace page describes their sound as \"harken[ing] back to the glory days of American hardcore with equal influences from the east and west coasts\". They released four full-length albums, the last, Don't Believe (2006), on Jade Tree Records. On December 28, 2008, a posting on the band's MySpace page announced that Goldfarb, Etherington, and Johnson had joined with Tony Foresta, the vocalist from Municipal Waste, to form a band called No Friends.
Andrew John Migliore is the founder and director of the annual H. P. Lovecraft Film Festival (three days over the first full weekend of October) and Zompire: The Undead Film Festival in Portland Oregon. In 2006 he also began a spin-off, two-day version of the H. P. Lovecraft Film Festival held each August in Austin, Texas. He is also the co-author of ' published by Night Shade Books. He is currently a producer at Lurker Films where he launched The H. P. Lovecraft Collection, The Weird Tale Collection, and The Edgar Allan Poe Collection on DVD.
Hugh P. Kidder (1897 &ndash; October 3, 1918) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during World War I.
Mercury (formerly Mercury Interactive Corporation) is now part of Hewlett-Packard. The combination of Mercury Interactive and HP OpenView formed HP Software &amp; Solutions, a global business unit within HP Enterprise Business. Mercury offered software for application management, application delivery, change and configuration management, service-oriented architecture, change request, quality assurance, and IT governance. In 1989, Amnon Landan and Arye Finegold founded Mercury Interactive Corporation. The company was based in California and had offices located around the world. It also had a large R&amp;D facility in Yehud, Israel. The Mercury Interactive legacy products are now integrated and sold as part of the HP IT Management Software, also known as BTO (Business Technology Optimization), portfolio from HP's software division.
Gunnery Sergeant Robert Howard McCard (November 25, 1918 \u2013 June 16, 1944), a United States Marine, was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Saipan during World War II.
Thomas Eldon McIntyre was born in Carleton County, Ontario, and moved to Manitoba as a child in 1880. He settled in the Burnside district, and operated an implement business in Oakville from 1911 to 1949 before moving to Winnipeg. He died in December 1952. In the 1936 provincial election, McIntyre ran as a member of the Social Credit League in the Mountain riding against Liberal-Progressive incumbent Ivan Schultz. McIntyre received 1,234 votes, against 2,390 for Ivan Schultz. McIntyre and Schultz were the only two candidates in the race. McIntyre campaigned as a candidate of the New Democracy party in the 1940 federal election, and finished fourth against Liberal Howard Waldemar Winkler in the riding of Lisgar.
Jack Off Jill was an American alternative rock band from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, formed in 1992. Founded by Jessica Fodera, Tenni Arslanyan, Robin Moulder, and Michelle Oliver. Though these four young women were the initial founders, twelve members rotated through the group in its life span, including Scott Putesky, guitarist and co-founder of Marilyn Manson. The band lasted eight years, with only Moulder and Fodera remaining through all its lineups.
Linda Purl (born September 2, 1955) is an American actress and singer, best known for portraying Ben Matlock's daughter Charlene Matlock in the first season of Matlock.
Winnipeg North was a provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It existed on two separate occasions. It was initially created for the 1883 provincial election, and abolished with the 1920 election when Winnipeg became a single, ten-member constituency. Winnipeg North was re-established for the elections of 1949 and 1953 as a four-member constituency. In 1958, it was divided into several single-member constituencies.
Michael James Wahle (born March 29, 1977 in Portland, Oregon) is a former American football guard of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the second round of the 1998 NFL Supplemental Draft. He played college football at Navy. A Pro Bowl selection in 2005, Wahle also played for the Carolina Panthers and Seattle Seahawks.
David Berges is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hexcel Corp, a composite materials producer based in Stamford, Connecticut. The multi-billion dollar company produces plastics and other materials for the aerospace and defense industries. Berges is credited with reforming the company and reversing its previous decline. Berges' career arcs from technical and managerial positions up to the executive level, including time with the General Electric Company, Barnes Aerospace, AlliedSignal Aerospace and Honeywell International. Berges also serves on the board of directors of Dana Corporation.
Winnipeg West is an historical provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created for the 1907 provincial election, and eliminated with the 1914 provincial election. The constituency was created to provide the city of Winnipeg with a fourth seat in the legislative assembly. Previously, the city had been represented by Winnipeg North, Winnipeg Centre and Winnipeg South. Winnipeg West's only representative was Thomas Herman Johnson, who sat with the opposition Liberal Party. After the Liberal formed government in 1915, Johnson became a prominent cabinet minister. The constituency was eliminated in 1914, when Winnipeg's other three seats were redistributed and restructured as two-member constituencies.
Lauren Susan Green (born June 30, 1958) is a religion correspondent for Fox News Channel. Her past position was giving the top- and bottom-of-the-hour headline updates weekdays during the morning television show Fox &amp; Friends.
William Herbert \"B. J. \" Sander (born July 29, 1980 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football punter who is currently a free agent. He was originally drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football at Ohio State.
Daniel von Bargen (born June 5, 1950) is an American film, stage, and television actor. While probably best known as Commandant Edwin Spangler in the TV comedy Malcolm in the Middle, Von Bargen's film credits include RoboCop 3, Basic Instinct, Broken Arrow, Philadelphia, A Civil Action, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Snow Falling on Cedars, and Super Troopers. He played the maniacal sorcerer Nix in Clive Barker's Lord of Illusions, and the Sheriff in The Postman. He played Mr. John Tate, the history teacher in the horror/science-fiction film The Faculty. He also played Mr. Kruger, George Costanza's boss at Kruger Industrial Smoothing, on the final season of Seinfeld, appearing in the famous \"Festivus\" episode. (He had what was intended as a recurring character on The West Wing, as a high-ranking Air Force official, but schedule conflicts caused his character to be dropped after two appearances. ) His distinguished stage career includes a long residency with Trinity Repertory Company in Providence, Rhode Island; he appeared in the premiere of Larry Gelbart's Mastergate and other plays at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and made his Broadway debut when the show went to New York.
Michael Wright (born March 1, 1982 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football defensive lineman for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Cincinnati.
Derek Matthew Anderson (born June 15, 1983 in Scappoose, Oregon) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the sixth round of the 2005 NFL Draft, but was waived without ever playing. The Cleveland Browns signed him the following day and he played for them until 2010. He played college football at Oregon State.
Wayne Boring (born June 5, 1905, Minnesota; died February, 1987, Pompano Beach, Florida) was an American comic book artist best known for his work on Superman from the late 1940s to 1950s. He occasionally used the pseudonym \"Jack Harmon\".
Aghora is a progressive metal/technical metal band formed in 1995 by guitarist Santiago Dobles. In 2000 they released their first album, Aghora, recorded and produced by Santiago Dobles and Dan Escauriza in 1999, Miami, Florida. The album featured Sean Malone and Sean Reinert, both members of Cynic. The band released its second album, Formless in 2006, which was produced by Santiago Dobles and mixed by Neil Kernon.
Harry F. Millarde (November 12, 1885 \u2013 November 2, 1931) was a pioneer American silent film actor and director. Millarde was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and began his acting in film in 1913 with Kalem Studios in New York City. In 1916, he directed the first of his thirty-two films the most notable of which was If Winter Comes for Fox Film Corporation in 1923 that was based on the best-selling book in the United States of 1922 by author A.S.M. Hutchinson. Amongst his other directorial works was, 1920's \"Over the Hill to the Poorhouse\" and the 1922 thriller \"My Friend the Devil\" based on the French novel, \"Le Docteur Rameau\" by Georges Ohnet. Millarde directed his last film in 1927 and died of a heart attack in New York City in 1931 ten days shy of his forty-sixth birthday. He was married to actress June Caprice (1895-1936) whom he had directed in eight films for Fox. Ironically, she also died ten days before her birthday, succumbing to cancer at the age of forty. Their daughter, June Elizabeth Millarde, was thirteen years old when her mother died. Raised by her grandparents in Long Island, New York, she became a cover girl known as \"Toni Seven. \" The June 17, 1949 issue of Time magazine reported she was the heiress to an estimated $3,000,000 fortune.
There were eleven Independent candidates in the 1953 Manitoba provincial election. One of these, Stephen Juba, was elected. Some of these candidates have separate biography pages; information about others may be found here. The 1953 Manitoba election was determined by instant-runoff voting in most constituencies. Three constituencies (Winnipeg Centre, Winnipeg North and Winnipeg South) returned four members by the single transferable vote (STV), with a 20% quota for election. St. Boniface elected two members by STV, with a 33% quota.
Marine Attack Squadron 211 (VMA-211) is a United States Marine Corps attack squadron consisting of AV-8B Harrier jets. Known as the \"Wake Island Avengers,\" the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 13 (MAG-13) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Marine Attack Squadron 214 (VMA-214) is a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of AV-8B Harrier jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona and is under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 13 (MAG-13) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW). The squadron is best known as the Black Sheep of World War II fame and for one of its commanding officers, Colonel Gregory \"Pappy\" Boyington, whose memoirs also inspired the 1970s television show Baa Baa Black Sheep, which dramatized the squadron's exploits during the war.
Marine Attack Squadron 311 (VMA-311) is a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of AV-8B Harrier jets. Known as the \"Tomcats\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 13 (MAG-13) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Marine Attack Squadron 513 (VMA-513) is a United States Marine Corps attack squadron consisting of AV-8B Harrier jets. Known as the \"Flying Nightmares\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 13 (MAG-13) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Hate Eternal is a death metal band from St. Petersburg, Florida.
Missy Doty (born August 9, 1972) is an American actress. She grew up in Springdale, Ohio and graduated from Princeton High School in 1990. She also attended Stephens College where she received a BFA in Musical Theater.
The Genitorturers are an industrial metal/industrial rock band from the United States, with influences extending into the 1990s Hardcore punk and Electronic music. They proclaim themselves to be \"The World's Sexiest Rock Band\". Originating in Orlando, Florida, the band was founded by lead singer Gen while attending pre-med. The Genitorturers made their debut and progressed in the 1990s Florida \"Hardcore\" music scene with contemporary bands such as Marilyn Manson and the Spooky Kids that would also become a success in later years. According to the band's official web page biography: \"What emerged would be a band that would go beyond shaking up the house that 'Mickey' built and extend to paving the way and breaking ground for performance based music artists thereafter worldwide\". The Genitorturers were actually called The 'Festering Genitorturers'. Fronted by Marisa (vocals), Yvonne (guitar), Gen (bass), Larry (guitar), Mike (drums). First performance was at the Ocean Club in Cocoa Beach, Florida late 1986. Also on the bill was Declared Ungovernable, Belching Penguins, and The Rhythm Pigs. In 1993, IRS Records owner Miles Copeland sent his assistant Nick Turner (former drummer for Lords of the New Church) to see the band perform. The quality of the performance, as well as their musical style containing fused elements of hardcore punk, metal and industrial electronic led them to a record contract. Soon after that, they would record 120 Days of Genitorture. After recording this album, former Morbid Angel bassist/vocalist David Vincent (Gen's husband) joined the Genitorturers on bass. He left Morbid Angel after the 1995 album Domination to join his wife's band. The band has done extensive touring in the United States, Japan, and Europe and is internationally renowned for its exploits, pornographic show content, and unique style of music. Their most recent release Flesh is the Law (EP) includes the track \"Lecher Bitch\", which was also included in the November 2004 videogame release '. Earlier releases have included Machine Love which contains a remake of the Divinyls' hit \u201CI Touch Myself\u201D which was produced by Dave Ogilvie and Rob Zombie producer Scott Humphrey . In 2006, they toured Australia, with Australian band Dead Inside the Chrysalis In the fall of 2007, they released their live DVD Live in Sin, also selling autographed copies on eBay. They announced over MySpace as well as their website that their new album titled 'Blackheart Revolution' will be available in 2009.
The Sheila Divine were a Boston based rock group from 1997 to 2003. Critics compared their sound to the band's own heroes, mainly early 1980s post-punk. The band was most often noted for its loud/soft musical dynamic and Aaron's Perrino soaring vocals, screaming in key one moment and howling a falsetto the next. The band had a large die hard fan base in what was often called \"the three Bs\": Boston, Buffalo, and Belgium. The band most often explained that they took the name from the Australian term \"sheila\", which denotes an effeminate man or wimp - thus making them in a literal sense, the sacred wimps. However there is also, in fact, a real live woman named Sheila Devine who Aaron, Jim, and Shawn were friends with at Oneonta State University.
Kara Liana Braxton (born February 18, 1983 in Jackson, Michigan) is an American professional basketball player for the Tulsa Shock in the WNBA. A solid talent, she is also known for her troubles on and off the court.
Scott Bell was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as leader of the Libertarian Party of Ontario in the 1980s, and was the party's leader during the 1985 provincial election. Bell worked as a teacher, and became involved with the Ontario Libertarian Party at or shortly after its founding in 1974. He also ran for the Canadian House of Commons on two occasions, as a candidate of the Libertarian Party of Canada. His best showing occurred in the 1985 provincial election, when he won over 6% of the vote against Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Bette Stephenson.
August Garry Herrmann (May 3, 1859 - April 25, 1931) was an American executive in Major League Baseball.
Omar Xavier Easy is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He played collegiately at Penn State before being drafted in the 4th round of 2002 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs. Easy was named Gatorade and USA Today Massachusetts Player of the Year in 1996 while at Everett High School in Everett, Massachusetts. He is now a football and track and field coach at EHS where he portrays his passion for both sports. As a college senior, he was the Most Valuable Player of the 2001 Blue-Gray Football Classic. Easy suffers from exercise-induced asthma. He established the EasyWay Foundation in 2003 to benefit children with asthma.
Drop Nineteens were a Boston-based indie rock band active from 1991 to 1995. They were one of a few U.S. -based bands who styled themselves on England's distinctive shoegazing sound, taking their inspiration from bands such as My Bloody Valentine, Slowdive, Th' Faith Healers, and Bleach. The band was formed by former classmates Greg Ackell (vocals, guitar) and Chris Roof (drums), who recruited Paula Kelley (vocals, guitar), Steve Zimmerman (bass), and Motohiro Yasue (guitar).
Ross Rocklynne (February 21, 1913 &ndash; October 29, 1988) was the pen name used by Ross Louis Rocklin, an American science fiction author active in the Golden Age of Science Fiction. Born in 1913 in Ohio, Rocklynne was a regular contributor to the science fiction pulps. He was a professional guest at the first World Science Fiction Convention in 1939. Despite his numerous appearances and solid writing, Rocklynne never quite achieved the fame of his contemporaries Robert A. Heinlein, L. Sprague DeCamp, and Isaac Asimov. His most well known story is probably \"The Men and the Mirror,\" first published in 1938. Rocklynne partially retired from writing in the late 1950s, but made a notable return in the 1970s when his novelette \"Ching Witch!\" was included in Harlan Ellison's original anthology, Again, Dangerous Visions (1972). \"Ching Witch!\" was later nominated for a Nebula award. Rocklynne died in Los Angeles, California at the age of 75. He was survived by his two sons, Keith and Jeffrey.
Winnipeg South was a provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada, which existed on two separate occasions. It was initially created for the 1883 provincial election, and abolished with the 1920 election when Winnipeg became a single ten-member constituency. It was re-established for the elections of 1949 and 1953 as a four-member constituency, and was divided into several single-member constituencies in 1958.
The Manitoba Cooperative Commonwealth Federation was the primary opposition party in the 1949 provincial election, challenging the coalition government of Liberal-Progressives and Progressive Conservatives. Seven of the party's candidates were elected. Some CCF candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
St. Andrews is an historical provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It existed on two separate occasions, and was located to the immediate north of Winnipeg, the capital city.
Willard Woodward Keith, Jr. (June 13, 1920 - November 3, 1942) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions during the World War II Battle of Guadalcanal. Two cancelled United States Navy destroyer escorts and the destroyer USS Willard Keith (DD-775) were named in his honor.
Rockwood was a provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created with the province's first redistribution in 1874, and eliminated with the 1958 provincial election.
Lansdowne is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created for the 1888 provincial election, and eliminated with the 1958 election. Lansdowne was a rural constituency in the province's southwestern corner. For almost its entire history, it was considered safe for the Liberal Party and its successor, the Liberal-Progressive Party. Only two non-Liberals were ever elected for the division, and both were defeated after a single term. Tobias C. Norris, who served as Premier of Manitoba from 1915 to 1922, represented Lansdowne in the provincial legislature for twenty-one years. After its elimination, parts of Lansdowne were included in the new constituency of Souris-Lansdowne.
Ethelbert is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created for the 1920 provincial election, and abolished with the 1958 election. Ethelbert was located in Manitoba's mid-northern region, north of Dauphin. It included a large Ukrainian population, and all four of the provincial representatives who were elected for this constituency were Ukrainian by background. Nicholas Hryhorczuk held Ethelbert for all but five years between 1920 and 1945, and his son Michael N. Hryhorczuk represented it from 1949 until its dissolution. After its elimination, parts of Ethelbert were included in the new division of Ethelbert Plains.
Roblin is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created by redistribution in 1914, eliminated by redistribution in 1979, and formally ceased to exist with the 1981 provincial election. Roblin was located in the province's mid-northwestern region. After its dissolution, most of its territory was incorporated into the new division of Roblin\u2014Russell. In 1999, the region was further redistributed as Dauphin\u2014Roblin.
Iberville is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created by redistribution in 1914, and eliminated with the 1958 provincial election. Iberville was located to the west of Winnipeg, the capital city. When it was eliminated in 1958, some of its territory was distributed to the new constituency of Rockwood\u2014Iberville.
St. Clements is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada, which existed on two separate occasions. The original constituency was one of twenty-four established at the province's creation in 1870. It was eliminated through redistribution before the 1888 provincial election, but was restored for the 1914 election. The division was eliminated for the second time by redistribution prior to the 1958 election. St. Clements was located to the northeast of Winnipeg. After its elimination, much of its territory was included in the new constituency of Brokenhead.
JP Licks is an ice cream maker in Boston that was founded in 1981 by Vincent Petryk. It started out with one location in Jamaica Plain, and there are eight locations in the Greater Boston Area. Its name is taken from its original location. The cow paintings are done by Kim Goldstein,. Each month there are several special ice cream, hard yogurt, sorbet, and lactose free flavors. JP Licks is also a coffee roasting company and roasts all coffee and espresso beans in the flagship Jamaica Plain location. All ice creams, yogurts, cakes and hot fudge are also homemade in the Jamaica Plain location.
Dufferin is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was originally created in 1879 as two divisions, Dufferin North and Dufferin South. Dufferin was consolidated into a single constituency for the 1888 provincial election, but was eliminated with the 1892 election. Dufferin returned to the electoral map for the 1903 election, and was eliminated through redistribution in 1969. The constituency was represented for many years by Rodmond Palen Roblin, who served as Premier of Manitoba from 1900 to 1915. Roblin's grandson, who also served as premier, was named \"Dufferin\".
Ross O'Hanley (February 2, 1939 &ndash; April 7, 1972) was an American football safety with the Boston Patriots of the American Football League from 1960 to 1965. He was an All-League AFL player in 1960.
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 367 (HMLA-367) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Hamiota is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created by redistribution in 1903, and eliminated with the 1969 provincial election. The constituency was located in the province's southwestern corner, and included the rural municipality of Hamiota. Both the town and the electoral division were named after Thomas Hamilton, an early explorer.
Brandon City is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was initially created as Brandon in 1881, following the westward expansion of Manitoba's boundaries. It was eliminated through redistribution before the 1886 provincial election, and replaced with Brandon East and Brandon West. The area was further redistributed prior to the 1888 election, and Brandon City was created along with Brandon North and Brandon South. The constituency was renamed Brandon for the 1958 provincial election. It disappeared from the electoral map with the 1969 provincial election, when the city was once again divided into Brandon East and Brandon West.
Norfolk\u2014Beautiful Plains is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created for the 1949 provincial election by a merger of the Norfolk and Beautiful Plains constituencies, and eliminated with the 1958 provincial election.
Marguerite Clark (February 22, 1883 \u2013 September 25, 1940) was an American stage and silent film actress.
Charles A. Pascal, Jr. , (Chuck Pascal) of Leechburg, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, was born December 24, 1963. An attorney, Pascal graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and cum laude from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree.
Birtle is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. Birtle was established in 1881, following the western expansion of the province's boundaries. It was located in the central western region of the province, near Roblin and Russell. It was eliminated for the 1886 provincial election, but re-established for the 1888 election. For most of its history, Birtle was safe for the Liberal and Liberal-Progressive parties. The constituency was abolished with the 1958 election, with much of its territory going to the new constituency of Birtle-Russell.
Killarney is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created for the 1888 provincial election, and abolished with the 1958 election.
Cypress is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was located in the south of the province. Cypress was created for the 1886 provincial election, and abolished with the 1969 election.
Deloraine\u2014Glenwood is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. The constituency was created for the 1949 provincial election, by a merger of the Deloraine and Glenwood constituencies. It was eliminated by redistribution in the 1958 election.
St. George is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was established for the 1914 provincial election, and eliminated with the 1981 election. The constituency housed a large Icelandic population. For most of its history, it was safe for the Liberal and Liberal-Progressive parties.
Siglo Veintiuno is an important Guatemalan newspaper. It was founded in 1990 by Jos\u00E9 Rub\u00E9n Zamora.
Gilbert Plains is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was created by redistribution for the 1903 provincial election, and eliminated with the 1958 election.
Carillon is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada. It was established for the 1886 provincial election, and eliminated with the 1969 election. The constituency was predominantly francophone. Albert Prefontaine and his son Edmond represented Carillon for almost all of the period between 1903 and 1962, serving with a variety of parties.
Thompson International Speedway in Thompson, Connecticut, USA, is a 5/8th mile paved oval racetrack that was once known as the Indianapolis of the East. It was the first asphalt-paved racing oval track in the United States and is now under the NASCAR Whelen All-American Series banner. Each year Thompson hosts one of the great fall variety events \"The World Series of Auto Racing\" highlighted by the ISMA Super Modifieds and the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour. This event frequently draws over 600 race cars in 15 separate divisions over three days.
James C. Owens, Jr. (5 December 1910 - 4 June 1942) born in Batavia, New York, he was a naval aviator. He was appointed Naval Aviation Cadet, USNR, 3 September 1935. Following flight training at Pensacola, Florida, he served on board Lexington (CV-2); and on 1 September 1941, he joined Torpedo Squadron 8 on board Hornet (CV-8). Appointed Lieutenant 6 January 1942, Owens was with this squadron when it pressed home a courageous and determined attack against Japanese carriers 4 June during the Battle of Midway. Without the protection of fighters or accompanying dive bombers, the pilots exposed themselves to overwhelming firepower; and every plane of the squadron was shot down. By forcing the enemy ships to maneuver radically and eliminating Japanese air cover, the \"stark courage and relentless drive\" of the torpedo pilots, such as Lieutenant Owens, made possible the American victory that followed. For extraordinary heroism in the face of overwhelming danger, Lt. Owens received the Navy Cross and the Presidential Unit Citation (US) posthumously.
Yolande Betbeze Fox (born 1929 in Mobile, Alabama) was Miss America in 1951. Fox (then Betbeze) entered Miss Alabama for the scholarship opportunities the pageant presented. Having been educated in a convent school, she was reluctant to pose in a swimsuit and refused to do so after she won Miss America. That led the swim suit company, Catalina, to withdraw their sponsorship of the Miss America pageant and eventually brought about the creation of the rival Miss USA pageant. The Miss America Organization has claimed that Fox's (then Betbeze's) actions were pivotal in directing pageant progress towards recognizing intellect, values, and leadership abilities, rather than focusing on beauty alone. From then on the Miss America pageant concentrated more on scholarship than beauty. Fox was an opera singer and did gain a reputation in that area. She was occasionally seen \"dating\" baseballer Joe Dimaggio, although it was later revealed they were only close friends. She married Matthew Fox and they had one daughter. After her husband's death, she moved to Georgetown, Washington, D.C. where she was part of a fun-loving and elite crowd called \"The Swing Set. \" She had a relationship with Cherif Guellal until his death. Fox has been active in the feminist movement.
William Emil Hess (1898 \u2013 1986) was a Republican and a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, February 13, 1898; attended the public schools, the University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio, and Cincinnati (Ohio) Law School; during the First World War served in the United States Army as a private; was admitted to the bar in 1919 and commenced the practice of law in Cincinnati, Ohio, the same year; member of the Cincinnati City Council 1922-1926. He was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1929-January 3, 1937); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress. He resumed the practice of law; elected to the Seventy-sixth and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1939-January 3, 1949); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1948 to the Eighty-first Congress; elected to the Eighty-second and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1951-January 3, 1961); was not a candidate for renomination in 1960; resumed the practice of law; was a resident of Cincinnati, Ohio, until his death there on July 14, 1986; interment in Spring Grove Cemetery.
The Manitoba Liberal Party elected one member to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1999 provincial election. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Manitoba Liberal Party elected three candidates to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1995 provincial election. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1995 provincial election. Thirty-one of these candidates were elected, giving the party its second consecutive majority government. Many candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
There were several Independent candidates in the 1990 Manitoba provincial election. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Agetec (\"Ascii Game Entertainment TEChnology\") is a US based video game publishing company that is best known for bringing Japanese titles to the US, including their flagship series Armored Core, and the King's Field RPG series, as well as their \"designer series\" of RPG Maker and Fighter Maker. Agetec publishes games for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable as well as for the Nintendo DS. Agetec has also brought to the US a number of other unique PS2 titles such as Magic Pengel and Cookie &amp; Cream and their best selling fishing titles Bass Landing (PS1) and Fisherman's Bass Club, plus Disaster Report and its sequel, Raw Danger (PS2). Most recently they have developed Cookie &amp; Cream for the Nintendo DS with From Software and published it in the US.
John Darragh (1772 \u2013 May 13, 1828) was a U.S. politician. He served as the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1817 to 1825.
Joseph M. Barr (May 28, 1906 \u2013 August 26, 1982) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1959 to 1970.
Healtheon was a dot-com startup company, created in Silicon Valley by Dr. James H. Clark. Healtheon's business plan was to streamline communication and paperwork in the United States health care system. They developed software that placed their company between physicians, patients, and health care institutions, eliminating unnecessary paperwork and facilitating networking and communication amongst the three.
The culture of Boston, Massachusetts, shares many roots with greater New England, including a dialect of the Eastern New England accent popularly known as Boston English. The city has its own unique slang, which has existed for many years. Boston was, and is still, a major destination of Irish immigrants. Irish Americans are a major influence on Boston's politics and religious institutions and consequently on the rest of Massachusetts. Many consider Boston a highly cultured city, perhaps as a result of its intellectual reputation. Mark Twain once wrote of it, In New York they ask \"how much money does he have?\" In Philadelphia, they ask, \"who were his parents?\" In Boston they ask, \"how much does he know?\" Much of Boston's culture originates at its universities. Sports are a major part of the city's culture (as well as the culture of the Greater Boston area, and the entire New England region). Boston teams include the Red Sox in Major League baseball, the New England Patriots (who play in suburban Foxboro) in the National Football League, the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association, and the Bruins in the National Hockey League. Boston sports fans are known for their fanatical devotion to the Red Sox and knowledge of Red Sox history. Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox, is the oldest ballpark in the Major League and holds a legendary status among baseball fans.
Samuel Pettigrew served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1832 to 1836, his administration was marked by the industrialization of the city. Pittsburgh celebrated its newfound might by christening the first steam locomotive in the mid-west aptly named \"The Pittsburgh\". Mayor Pettigrew contended with one of the city's first major disasters when a flood crested at 38.2 feet in February 1832. Not much is known about Mayor Pettigrew's personal life before or after his service to the city. He died in 1841.
Jonas R. McClintock (January 8, 1808&ndash;November 25, 1879), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1836 to 1839. He was the first Medical Doctor to serve as mayor of Pittsburgh.
Inxight Software, Inc. is a software company specializing in visualization, information retrieval and natural language processing. It was bought by Business Objects in 2007; Business Objects was in turn acquired by SAP AG in 2008. Founded in 1997, Inxight is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. It was originally spun out of Xerox PARC.
John S. Herron (November 7, 1872&ndash;September 13, 1947), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1933 to 1934.
William N. McNair (November 7, 1880&ndash;September 13, 1948), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1934 to 1936.
This article is about the mayor of Pittsburgh, for other people named Cornelius D. Scully see Cornelius Scully (disambiguation). Cornelius D. Scully (March 11, 1878&ndash;September 22, 1952), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States from 1936 to 1946.
Charles Kline (December 25, 1870 &ndash; July 22, 1933), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1926 to 1933.
William Anderson Magee (1873\u20131938) was born in Pittsburgh's Hill District neighborhood the site of the present day Mellon Arena and the region's hub for African American culture. Before becoming mayor he gained his reputation by serving as Assistant District Attorney for Allegheny County of which Pittsburgh is the County Seat. He twice served as Mayor of Pittsburgh, from 1909 to 1914, and again from 1922 to 1926. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1901-1904.
Joseph G. Armstrong (1867 \u2013 1931) was born in what is today the Northside neighborhood of the U.S. city of Pittsburgh. He became a glassmaker and eventually participated in the glass union and labor movement. From his labor connections he was elected to City Council and then ran successfully for County Coroner in 1904.
Edward V. Babcock (January 31, 1864 \u2013 September 2, 1948) was a lumber industrialist who served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1918 to 1922.
This article is about the mayor of Pittsburgh, for other people named William Hayes see William Hayes (disambiguation). \"William B. Hayes\" (1844 \u2013 September 16, 1912), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1903 to 1906.
Joseph O. Brown (January 8, 1848 \u2013 March 15, 1903) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1901 to 1903 .
Adam M. Brown (1826 &ndash; August 17, 1901) was a U.S. politician. He served as Mayor of Pittsburgh in 1901.
William J. Diehl (January 22, 1845&ndash;September 22, 1929), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1899 to 1901.
Henry Parker Ford (October 15, 1837 &ndash; April 21, 1905) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1896 to 1899.
Bernard J. McKenna (February 16, 1842 &ndash; June 18, 1903) was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1893 to 1896.
Henry I. Gourley (October 3, 1838 &ndash; May 27, 1899), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1890 to 1893.
This article is about the Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. For the Virginia congressman, lawyer and judge, see Andrew S. Fulton. Andrew Fulton (December 21, 1850 &ndash; February 7, 1925), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1884 to 1887.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1999 provincial election, and elected 59 members in 103 constituencies to win a majority government. Many of these candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
There were a number of independent candidates in the 1999 Ontario provincial election, although none were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here. This page also covers independent candidates who campaigned in by-elections between 1999 and 2003.
The Natural Law Party of Ontario ran several candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected.
The Green Party of Ontario ran 58 candidates in the 1999 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Aileen Nicole Coleman (born January 3, 1964) is an award-winning singer, songwriter, and choreographer. She was born and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. She recorded her first solo album, Don\u2019t Let Me Go, in 1991 with the independent label Frontline Records. Mullen continued her singing-songwriting-choreography career in the 1990s, singing backup for Michael W. Smith and the Newsboys, writing for Jaci Velasquez, and working as a dancer/choreographer with Amy Grant. She also provided backup vocals for the music video at the end of the VeggieTales program, Larry-Boy and the Fib from Outer Space! and the opening of the VeggieTales presentation, Larry-Boy and the Rumor Weed. She was signed to Word Records in 1998 by VP of A&amp;R Brent Bourgeois. Her fourth album, Talk About It, was certified gold for sales in excess of 500,000 copies on April 15, 2008.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1990 provincial election, and won 20 out of 130 seats to become the third-largest party in the legislature. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Ontario Confederation of Regions Party ran a number of candidates in the 1990 provincial election, none of whom were elected. The party polls surprisingly well in some northern and eastern Ontario constituencies. Information about the party's candidates may be found here.
Diana Taylor (born 1955) is the former New York State Superintendent of Banks. She is the companion to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1987 Ontario provincial election, and elected 16 out of 130 candidates to become the third-largest party in the legislature. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Communist Party of Canada - Ontario ran a number of candidates in the 1987 provincial election, all of whom were defeated. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Charles Sebastian \"Red\" Dooin (June 12, 1879 \u2013 May 12, 1952) was an American catcher and manager in Major League Baseball during the first two decades of the 20th century. He played 1,219 of his 1,290 games as a member of the Philadelphia Phillies and managed the Phils from 1910 through 1914. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Dooin began his career with the St. Joseph, Missouri club of the Western League in 1900. Two years later, he reached the Phillies and the National League, catching in 84 games. He was the club\u2019s regular catcher from 1904 through 1910, and although a broken ankle and a broken leg \u2013 suffered in plays at home plate in 1910 and 1911 \u2013 curtailed his playing career, he stayed in the majors as a catcher through 1916. A right-handed hitter, he batted .240 with ten career home runs. In 1910, Dooin succeeded Billy Murray as manager of the Phils; under Murray, the Quakers had placed fifth in 1909. Player-manager Dooin piloted the Phillies for five years and compiled a winning record (392-370, .514). Moreover, along with fellow catcher and player-coach Pat Moran, he nurtured the great pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander to stardom in his earliest big league seasons. The Phillies rose to second place in the 1913 NL, but when they fell to sixth the following season, Dooin was replaced by Moran as the Philadelphia mentor. Still an active player, he then was traded to the Cincinnati Reds and, ultimately, the New York Giants, where he finished his career in 1915-16. Red Dooin died of a heart attack in Rochester, New York at the age of 72, and was laid to rest at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery.
Mark Boone Junior (born March 17, 1955) is an American actor perhaps best known for his roles in two films by Christopher Nolan, Memento and Batman Begins. He frequently portrays a crooked cop or other authority figure, and has had a prolific career, appearing in over 70 movies, which also include 2 Fast 2 Furious, Get Carter, The General's Daughter, The Thin Red Line, Seven, and Die Hard 2. He has also made guest appearances on TV in Law &amp; Order, Seinfeld, Curb Your Enthusiasm, and several other shows. He had a one-second appearance as \"New York Guy\" in Armageddon when Eddie Griffin's character asked him what the news on TV was all about. Boone started his career beside long time friend Steve Buscemi. Together the two provided audiences in the New York and Jersey area with stand up comedy. He has appeared in some of Steve's directorial work, including Trees Lounge and most recently (2004) as \"Evil\" in Lonesome Jim. He is a regular cast member on Sons of Anarchy, where he plays Bobby Munson. Boone has written and produced some films of his own. More recently, Boone has appeared in Priceline commercials alongside spokesman William Shatner as an eloquent, streetwise negotiator.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1985 provincial election, and won 52 seats out of 130 to win a minority government. They were defeated in the legislature shortly after the election. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Barracuda Networks, Inc. is a privately held company providing security, networking and storage solutions based on appliances and cloud services. The company\u2019s security products include solutions for protection against email, web surfing, web hackers and instant messaging threats such as spam, spyware, trojans, and viruses. The company's networking and storage solutions include web filtering, load balancing, application delivery controllers, message archiving, NG firewalls, backup services and data protection. Barracuda Networks was established in 2003 and introduced the Barracuda Spam and Virus Firewall. In 2007 the company moved its headquarters to Campbell, California. and opened an office in Ann Arbor, Michigan. In January 2006, it closed its first outside investment of $40 million from Sequoia Capital and Francisco Partners. Sequoia Capital had previously provided financing to Cisco Systems, Google, Netscreen, and Yahoo!. On January 29, 2008, Barracuda Networks was sued by Trend Micro over their use of the open source anti-virus software Clam AntiVirus, which Trend Micro claimed to be in violation of their patent on 'anti-virus detection on an SMTP or FTP gateway'. In addition to providing samples of prior art in an effort to render Trend Micro's patent invalid, in July 2008 Barracuda launched a countersuit against Trend Micro claiming Trend Micro violated several antivirus patents Barracuda Networks had acquired from IBM. In December 2008, the company launched the BRBL (Barracuda Reputation Block List), its proprietary and dynamic list of known spam servers, for free and public use in blocking spam at the gateway. Soon after opening BRBL many IP addresses got blacklisted without apparent reason and without any technical explanation. As of October 2009, Barracuda had over 85,000 customers.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1981 provincial election, and won a majority government with 70 out of 125 seats. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Communist Party of Canada - Ontario ran a number of candidates in the 1981 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information on these candidates may be found here.
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 167 (HMLA-167) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. Known as the \"Warriors\", they are based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Max Clifford Stormes (27 July 1903-15 November 1942) was a World War II American naval commander.
Twothirtyeight (also 'twothirtyeight' or 'Two Thirty Eight') was an indie rock band from Pensacola, Florida. They disbanded in April 2003. Formed in 1995, Twothirtyeight released three independently produced EP albums before signing with the now-defunct Takehold Records. In 1999, Twothirtyeight released their first full length album Missing You Dearly on Takehold Records. The band line-up featured Chris Staples, Kevin Woerner, Owen Grabo, and DJ Stone. The album was dedicated to Kevin Glass, the band's former bass guitarist, who died in a tragic car accident in 1997. Weeks before Glass was killed, he taught Owen Grabo the bass parts for most of the songs in the Twothirtyeight catalogue. In 2000, with Owen Grabo having left the band, Twothirtyeight recorded their next EP, Matter Has A Breaking Point, as a 3-piece outfit with Chris Staples on bass guitar and lead vocals. With the addition of Jake Brown, former frontman of the band Driven, on bass guitar, Twothirtyeight wrote and recorded their second full-length album Regulate the Chemicals. Chris Carrabba, notable as the former lead vocalist of Further Seems Forever and principal artist of Dashboard Confessional, contributed backing vocals to two of the songs from Regulate the Chemicals, \"This Town Will Eat You\" and \"Coin Laundry Loser. \"Following the album's release DJ Stone, who had played drums for the group since the beginning, left the group to focus on his family. Regulate the Chemicals was released on Takehold Records and followed by a summer of extensive touring. In January 2001, Jake Brown left the band. In 2002, Takehold was acquired by Tooth &amp; Nail Records, and the record label would re-release the band's second album, remastered with additional tracks added. You Should Be Living, the group's final album, was released in 2002, produced by James Wisner, who has also worked with Further Seems Forever and Dashboard Confessional. In April 2003, Twothirtyeight disbanded on good terms; members choosing to pursue their individual dreams. Notably, lead vocalist Chris Staples went on to front the indie rock band Discover America.
Michael F. Newlin (born January 2, 1949 in Portland, Oregon) is a retired American basketball player in the NBA. A feisty 6'4\" (1.93 m), 200 lb (91 kg) guard from the University of Utah, he played 11 professional seasons (1971-1982), spending time with the Houston Rockets, New Jersey Nets, and New York Knicks. He had his finest season in 1980-81, when he averaged 21.4 points per game for the Nets, and he retired in 1982 with 12,507 career points.
Jenny Conlee is the longtime accordionist, pianist, organist, keyboardist, melodica player, and occasional backup vocalist for the folk rock quintet The Decemberists, roles she has filled on each of the band's releases. Aside from her work with the Decemberists, Conlee made guest appearances on a plethora of records by Portland bands, including Hush Records artist Reclinerland, Lewi Longmire, Jerry Joseph, Buoy LaRue and countless others. Before the Decemberists, she played piano for the 1990s Portland, Oregon, band Calobo. She is also a member of Portland-based Casey Neill &amp; The Norway Rats where she plays keyboards, accordion, and glockenspiel. Her most recent project is the acoustic band Black Prairie with a number of other Portland artists.
UC3 is an American all-female trio of pop singers from Tampa Bay, Florida. They have performed throughout the US and several other countries and are particularly well known among U.S. service personnel overseas, for whom they have repeatedly performed. The current members are Eileen Esposito, Cristal Bermudez, and Tracy Williams. Former member Kristy Scott was replaced by Eileen Esposito. The group is sponsored by Hooters, who distributes their music in some of their restaurants, which complements traditional sales. They were part of the Hooters organization's \"Operation Let Freedom Wing\" group of talent which toured Afghanistan and other places with U.S. forces. Singer Angela Lanza toured with them overseas. Within the US, the largest number of people who saw them perform were at NFL and other major league games, where they sang. The group is apparently on hiatus (possibly permanently), and has not performed or recorded together since early 2005. In addition, their official website, www. uc3online. com, no longer works.
Chris Funk is a member of the Portland, Oregon, indie rock band The Decemberists. He is originally from Valparaiso, Indiana where he worked at Front Porch Music which informed his love of American Folk Music. He plays guitar, pedal steel, piano, violin, dobro, hurdy gurdy, mandolin, saxophone, the theremin and many other instruments. Funk joined the band after attendance at Coe College in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. After the trailer with all their equipment and merchandise was stolen in 2005, Funk wrote \"This Machine Kills Thieves\" on his banjo, in reference to Woody Guthrie. He has a group called Knock-knock with DJ Rev shines from the hip-hop group Lifesavas on Quannum Projects. Knock-knock has done a remix for Feist. He also has a string band called Black Prairie with two of The Decemberists and two other members who will release a record on Sugar Hill in 2010. He also plays in the country rock group Blue Giant. He has produced records for The Builders and The Butchers, Langhorne Slim, Y La Bamba, and Red Fang. He curated the Portland edition of Burn to Shine, a DVD to be released later in 2006. On December 20, 2006, Funk appeared on Comedy Central's The Colbert Report to end with the show's host, Stephen Colbert. A contest ensued in which Funk and Colbert would each shred guitar while a panel of judges decided the winner. After Funk's solo, Colbert \"hurt his hand\" and asked Peter Frampton to fill in for him. The contest ended with Colbert/Frampton deciding the winner and Colbert was awarded The Crane Wife by The Decemberists as the grand prize. Funk then performed an \"all-guitar jam\" alongside Frampton, Robert Schneider, and Rick Nielsen. He lives in the \"Mississippi\" area of Portland, OR with his girlfriend Seann McKeel and daughter Scout Fahey Funk who was named after the book To Kill A Mockingbird and guitarist John Fahey.
Corsair is a computer peripherals and hardware company headquartered in Fremont, California, USA. Corsair designs and sells a range of products for computers, including high-speed DRAM modules, ATX power supplies (PSUs), USB flash drives (UFDs), CPU and memory cooling solutions, computer cases, and solid-state drives (SSDs). In addition to its worldwide headquarters in Fremont, CA, Corsair maintains a production facility in Taiwan for assembly, test, and packaging of select products, distribution centers in Asia, the United States, and Europe, and has sales and marketing offices throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1977 Ontario provincial election, and won a minority government under the leadership of William Davis. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
The Manitoba Liberal Party won seven out of 57 seats in the 1990 provincial election, making the party the third-largest in the legislature. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also provides information on Liberal Party candidates in by-elections between 1990 and 1995.
There were several independent candidates who contested the 1995 Manitoba provincial election, although none were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Sergeant Larry Wayne Maysey was a United States Air Force pararescueman who was posthumously awarded the Air Force Cross, the Air Force's second-highest decoration. On 8 November 1967 two HH-3E Jolly Green Giants were launched on a night mission to extract five survivors of a Special Forces reconnaissance team. The site was known to be hot, surrounded by a well-disciplined, crack North Vietnamese Army battalion. A Vietnamese Air Force and a United States Army helicopter had already been shot down and destroyed. Illuminated by a C-130 Hercules flare ship dropping LUU-2 parachute flares, Jolly 29 made a pickup of three survivors before being driven off by intense enemy fire. Jolly 29, with heavy battle damage, lands at the USMC outpost of Khe Sanh. Jolly 26 attempted to pick up the remaining two survivors, both now wounded. Fighting, both in the air and on the ground, was intense. Maysey jumped from the safety of Jolly 26, and ran down a steep slope rescuing the two remaining men. Jolly 26 was now being hit with small arms fire. Just after Maysey had helped both survivors safely onboard, an RPG struck the number one engine, fatally crippling the craft. The engine exploded, inverting the aircraft, which rolled and skidded down a deep ravine and burst into flames; a pilot and one other man survived the crash. Maysey received the Air Force Cross posthumously. The pilot Captain Gerald Young was rescued later that day and subsequently awarded the Medal of Honor.
Remembering Never is an American Metalcore band, formed in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida in the late '90s.
Akatek is a Mayan language spoken in primarily Huehuetenango Department, Guatemala in and around the municipalities of Concepci\u00F3n Huista, Nent\u00F3n, San Miguel Acat\u00E1n, San Rafael La Independencia and San Sebasti\u00E1n Coat\u00E1n. A number of speakers also live in Chiapas, Mexico. It is a living language with 58,600 speakers as of 1998, of which 48,500 lived in Guatemala and the remaining in Mexico. Akatek is closely related to the two Mayan languages, Q'anjob'al and Jakaltek. The three languages together form the Q'anjob'al-Jakaltek sub-branch, which together with the Mocho' language form the Q'anjob'alan sub-branch, which again, together with the Chujean languages, Chuj and Tojolab'al, form the branch Q'anjobalan-Chujean. It is believed that Q'anjob'al-Jakaltek split into Akatek, Q'anjob'al and Jakaltek some 500 to 1,500 years ago. Akatek was regarded as a dialect of the Q'anjob'al language until the 1970s, when linguists realized that it has a distinct grammar from that of Q'anjob'al. That it has been thought a dialect of Q'anjob'al is reflected in the many names Akatek has had through time. One of its primary names before it was named Akatek, was Western Q'anjob'al, but it has also been called Conob, and various names including Q'anjob'al and the municiplaity where it is spoken. An interesting aspect of Akatek grammar, which is also present in most other Q'anjobalan languages, is the use of directional morphemes, which appear as enclitics. These morphemes make it possible for the speaker to talk about movement and direction in space without pointing or using other gestures. Consider the stative verb [\u0294ej] to be, which can appear as [\u0294ej\u0294ok] existing inwards, [\u0294ejtok] existing towards there, away from the speaker and listener and [\u0294e\u02D0ltox] exisiting from the inside out, using different enclitics.
Kenneth Robert Wilson (born September 28, 1966), known by the stage name Ginger Fish, is an American drummer who is primarily known for playing drums for Marilyn Manson. Like Marilyn Manson, which combines the names of an iconic beauty with a serial killer, his name combines those of Ginger Rogers and Albert Fish.
Several independent candidates sought election to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1995 Ontario provincial election. One such candidate, Peter North, was elected to the legislature. Information on these candidates may be found on this page. It is possible that some of these candidates were members of unregistered political parties. Independent candidates who took part in provincial by-elections between 1995 and 1999 are also listed on this page.
William C. McCarthy (1820 \u2013 January 27, 1900) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1875-1878. Mayor McCarthy was born in 1820. He was known as \"Roaring Bill\". His reputation as a volunteer fireman was legendary. McCarthy's trade was that of Pressman with the Pittsburgh Dispatch. The Industrial Revolution was gearing up and Pittsburgh was annexing neighboring townships and boroughs. In 1868, Bloomfield became part of the city. During his first administration, the police department ceased orally assuring the citizenry \"that all is well, \" and inclined planes began to ascend Mount Washington. The Great Railroad Strike of 1877 occurred during his second term as mayor. Striking railroad workers clashed in a fierce battle with Philadelphia Militiamen at the 28th Street Roundhouse. Rail traffic was brought to cessation, and the terminal was burned. Mayor McCarthy was elected City Controller in 1878. He died January 27, 1900 and is buried in an unmarked grave in Uniondale Cemetery on the northside.
Malevolent Creation is a death metal band originally hailing from Buffalo, New York. Moving to Florida in 1988, they became a part of the emergent local death metal scene, landing a deal with Roadrunner Records. Their debut album, The Ten Commandments, became something of a landmark in the death metal underground, expanding on the early work of Slayer and fellow Floridians Death. According to a series of posts published at blabbermouth. net, Phil Fasciana claimed (via several emails he sent to Blabbermouth. net) he was involved in a shootout in which he shot and killed a man who he says was robbing a store he was in.
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of candidates in the 2003 provincial election, and won a majority government with 35 of 57 seats in the Manitoba legislature. Many of their party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also provides information on New Democratic Party candidates in by-elections between 2003 and 2005.
Windsor\u2014Sandwich was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It came into existence for the first time with the 1934 Ontario election, and was eliminated with the 1967 election as a result of redistribution. The area was restructured as Windsor West from 1967 to 1975, during which time it was represented by New Democrats Hugh Peacock and Ted Bounsall). Windsor\u2014Sandwich was re-established for the 1975 election, and was again eliminated through redistribution in 1996. The district formally ceased to exist with the 1999 provincial election, and was incorporated into the new districts of Windsor West and Essex.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba won a majority government in the 1990 provincial election. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Arthur Mahaffey, Jr. (born June 4, 1938 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Phillies (1960\u201365) and St. Louis Cardinals (1966). He batted and threw right-handed. In a seven-season career, Mahaffey posted a 59-64 record with 639 strikeouts and a 4.17 ERA in 999.0 innings pitched. Mahaffey was signed as an amateur free agent by the Philadelphia Phillies on June 29, 1956. After six seasons playing in the Phillies' minor league organization, Mahaffey was called up by the big league team. He played in his first game for the Phillies on July 30, 1960, pitching the final two innings of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals. Mahaffey retired the three batters he faced in the eighth inning. In the ninth, Bill White led off with a single to right field and then was picked off by Mahaffey at first base. The next batter, Curt Flood, singled to center field, and he too was picked off by Mahaffey, who threw to first with Flood tagged out on a throw from first to second. He finished the 1960 season with a 7\u20133 record and an earned run average of 2.31 in 14 games, finishing third in Rookie of the Year balloting that season, which was won by Frank Howard of the Los Angeles Dodgers. He set a club record with 17 strikeouts in a game against the Chicago Cubs on April 23, 1961. Though he ended the 1961 season with an ERA of 4.10 and a record of 11\u201319 in 36 games, leading the National League in losses, he was selected to represent the Phillies on the National League All-Star team. He ended the 1962 season with a record of 19&ndash;14, and ERA of 3.94 and a career high 177 strikeouts in 41 games. He was selected again in 1962 for the All-Star team and finished 26th in balloting for Most Valuable Player, despite leading the league in home runs allowed with 36 and earned runs allowed with 120. Mahaffey had a 7\u201310 record in 26 games with the Phillies in 1963, to go along with a 3.99 ERA. In 1964, he finished the season with a record of 12&ndash;9 and an ERA of 4.52 in 34 games. The 1964 team had a 6\u00BD-game lead in first place with 12 games remaining in the season, before starting a 10-game losing streak that cost the team the pennant. Mahaffey pitched in two of the games as part of the losing streak, losing a 1\u20130 game (the first of that losing streak) on a steal of home by Chico Ruiz of the Cincinnati Reds, and was taken out while winning in a game against the Braves in which Rico Carty hit a triple off of reliever Bobby Shantz to win the game. 1965 was his last season in Philadelphia, which saw him finish with a 2&ndash;5 record and an ERA of 6.21 in 22 games, mostly in relief. He was traded by the Phillies on October 27, 1965, along with catcher Pat Corrales and outfielder Alex Johnson to the St. Louis Cardinals, in exchange for shortstop Dick Groat, catcher Bob Uecker and first baseman Bill White. In his only season with the Cardinals, he had a 1&ndash;4 record in 12 games with an ERA of 6.43. His final major league game was on July 17, 1966, in the second game of a doubleheader against the Chicago Cubs, in which Mahaffey started and gave up three hits and three runs in \u2153 of an inning, in a game the Cardinals lost by a score of 7&ndash;2. The Cardinals traded him on April 1, 1967 along with infielder Jerry Buchek and shortstop Tony Mart\u00EDnez to the New York Mets in exchange for shortstop Eddie Bressoud, Danny Napoleon and cash, though he never played in the majors for the Mets.
Alex Knopp, a Democrat, is a former two-term mayor of Norwalk, Connecticut. He served from 2001-2005. He was defeated for re-election on November 8, 2005 by Republican Dick Moccia.
The Confederation of Regions Party fielded six candidates in the 1995 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Ralph Livingstone Edwards (June 13, 1913 &ndash; November 16, 2005) was an American radio and television host and television producer.
Jefferson \"Jay\" Ford Allen is an oil company executive from Westport, Connecticut and Las Vegas, Nevada. He received MBA from Harvard Business School in 1973 and had earlier been a Captain in the Army in Vietnam. He grew-up on Long Island, NY and for a brief period in California in the 1950s. His father (Channing Allen) died in 1955. His older brother, also Channing, was killed in Vietnam by a sniper in 1967. He was awarded a bronze star for his efforts in evacuating other wounded soldiers. In 1967 Jefferson married Evita \"Evi\" Walter in New Jersey. They have three children Rebecca Jane (1974), Channing Sayles (1977), and Jefferson Mast (1981). Jefferson is a former Senior Vice President of Weeks Petroleum Company,which was a Bermuda registered petroleum exploration and production company with operations around the world. After serving as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Comfed Bankcorp he became CFO and later President of Tosco Corporation an independent petroleum refining company. After spectular growth duning the 1990s Tosco was acquired by Phillips Petroleum in 2001. He was also CEO of Premcor Inc which was purchased in 2005 by Valero Energy Corporation for $8 billion. Valero became the largest refiner in the US. Expert in all aspects of company management and particularly acquisitions and improving operations to increase sales and profits - Which was done with both Tosco and Premcor.
Lawrence G. Roberts (born 1937 in Connecticut) received the Draper Prize in 2001 \"for the development of the Internet\" along with Leonard Kleinrock, Robert Kahn, and Vinton Cerf. As a chief scientist at the Advanced Research Projects Agency, Roberts and his team created packet switching and the ARPANet, which was the predecessor to the modern Internet.
Jozlin Bones are an American hard rock band, originally composed of Bill Stu (guitars), Teri Francis (bass), Jim Morgan (vocals), and Tom Morgan (drummer). Jozlin Bones formed in Boston, MA under the name Morgan Stu. Originally a blues rock group, the band changed their style when drummer Tom Morgan was replaced by Mark Oliveira and guitarist Mike Burgess joined their ranks. With their new style, the band changed their name to Jozlin Bones.
Pinolillo (or pinol) is a sweet cornmeal and cacao-based traditional drink in Nicaragua. It is made of ground toasted corn and a bit of cacao. It can be mixed with water or milk, served sweetened or unsweetened. If unsweetened, it is rather bitter. It can also be used in cooking some local dishes, such as garrobo con pinol. The drink usually has a rough, gritty texture. It is traditionally served out of a gourd made of the shell of the jicaro fruit. Decorative gourds are also made for purchase by tourists as a souvenir; such decorations are rarely found in the homes of native Nicaraguans.
For information on the Hamilton East federal electoral district, see Hamilton East. Hamilton East is a former provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1894 to 2007, when it was redistributed between the new ridings of Hamilton Centre and Hamilton East\u2014Stoney Creek. It is considered a working class district.
Henry K. Moeller (1849 - 1925) was a U.S. archbishop. He served as the Roman Catholic Bishop of Cincinnati between 1904 and 1925. Henry K. Moeller was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, on December 11, 1849. His only sister entered the convent of the Sisters of Charity at Mount Saint Joseph, Ohio. Of his four brothers, two also became Roman Catholic priests. In 1862 he entered St. Xavier High School (then known as St. Xavier College) and later the American college at Rome, which he entered October 16, 1869. He was ordained a priest in Rome, June 10, 1876 at the basilica of St. John Lateran. He left Rome June 28, 1869 to return to America and Cincinnati. His first year was spent ministering in Bellefontaine, Ohio. In October, 1877 he became a professor at Mount St. Mary seminary, where he continued in teaching until November 13, 1879. After a brief leave of absence from the Cincinnati diocese to assist Bishop Francis Silas Marean Chatard, Bishop of Indianapolis, Henry K. Moeller returned to Cincinnati and became secretary to Bishop William Henry Elder, who was at that time coadjutor to Archbishop John Baptist Purcell. On April 6, 1900 Henry K. Moeller was appointed Bishop of Columbus, Ohio. He was consecrated bishop August 25, 1900 in Cincinnati, at St. Peter in Chains Cathedral. Principal Consecrator was Archbishop William Henry Elder, who was assisted by Bishop Henry Joseph Richter and Bishop Thomas Sebastian Byrne. Bishop Henry K. Moeller returned to Cincinnati June 26, 1903 to serve as auxiliary bishop and coadjutor to Archbishop William Henry Elder. Upon the death of Archbishop Elder, Bishop Henry K. Moeller became fourth Archbishop of Cincinnati. He was installed as Roman Catholic Bishop of Cincinnati February 15, 1905 and served the Archdiocese until his death in Cincinnati January 5, 1925. Archbishop Moeller High School, a parochial school near Cincinnati, Ohio, was named for Bishop Moeller.
Marc Alexander Edwards (born November 17, 1974 in Norwood, Ohio) was a professional American football player who last played NFL in 2005 for the Chicago Bears. Edwards played collegiately at Notre Dame. Marc was selected by the San Francisco 49ers in the second round of the 1997 NFL Draft. After two years in San Francisco, Edwards played the following two years for the Cleveland Browns from 1999 to 2000. He has also played for the New England Patriots from 2001 to 2002 and the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2003 to 2004. Edwards does not play in the NFL anymore. He is one of two Notre Dame players to ever be carried off the field by their teammates; the other was Daniel E. Ruettiger.
There were two independent candidates in the 2003 Manitoba provincial election, neither of whom was elected. They received a total of 167 votes. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Carolyn Hax (born December 5, 1966 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a writer and columnist for the Washington Post and the author of the advice column Carolyn Hax (formerly titled Tell Me About It). The column is geared toward people under the age of 30, but its readers are not limited to specific age group. Since its founding in 1997, the column has gained a large audience. New columns are published on Sunday, Wednesday, and Friday and are carried in more than 100 newspapers. A weekly Friday web chat on the paper's website with Hax is also one of the paper's most popular features, and selections from the transcripts of these chats are published as columns on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Carolyn Hax grew up in Trumbull, Connecticut as the youngest of four daughters of a corporate planner and a secretary. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University in 1988. Previously, Hax worked as associate editor and news editor at the Army Times and as a copy editor and news editor at the Washington Post. In 2001, Hax published her first book, Tell Me About It: Lying, Sulking and Getting Fat and 56 Other Things Not to Do While Looking for Love. Her essay \"Peace and Carrots,\" which describes how she is too busy to care about the so-called \"Mommy Wars\", was included in the 2006 anthology Mommy Wars by her Washington Post colleague Leslie Morgan Steiner. Hax's second husband, Kenny Ackerman, is a New Haven, Connecticut, educator whom she has known since childhood. They are the parents of three boys: twins Jonas and Percy, and a younger boy, Gus. The Hax-Ackerman family recently moved to the Washington, D.C. area. The cartoons that accompany Hax's columns are drawn by her ex-husband, Nick Galifianakis.
PointCast was a company founded in 1992 by Christopher R. Hassett in Sunnyvale, California.
Buffalo Tom is an alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in the 1980s. Its principal members are guitarist Bill Janovitz, bassist Chris Colbourn, and drummer Tom Maginnis. The band's name is derived from the band Buffalo Springfield and the first name of the drummer, who is the shyest of the three. Combining the two is something of a joke among the members. Dinosaur Jr. guitarist/frontman J Mascis assisted with the production on the band's first two albums. J Mascis also played lead guitar on the song \"Impossible\" from Buffalo Tom's self-titled debut. Based on Mascis' input, early on the band was sometimes called Dinosaur Jr. , Jr. Buffalo Tom's albums received increasing popular and critical acclaim in the early-mid 1990s. See critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine's biography of Buffalo Tom on Allmusic for a typical example of the excellent reception \"Let Me Come Over\" (1992) received. Buffalo Tom became one of the more popular alternative rock bands by the mid-1990s: \"Big Red Letter Day\" (1993) peaked at #8 and \"Sleepy Eyed\" (1995) peaked at #4 on the Heatseekers chart. The band contributed the track \"For All To See\" to the 1993 benefit album No Alternative, and the track \"Lolly Lolly Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here\" to the CD School House Rock! Rocks. Buffalo Tom's song \"Sodajerk\" was featured on the soundtrack to the 1994 television series My So-Called Life. They appeared in a club scene on My So-Called Life, episode 12, titled \"Self-Esteem\", playing \"Late at Night\". The episode originally aired on 17 November, 1994. They were recently mentioned on the CW show Gossip Girl. Buffalo Tom also wrote the theme song to the extremely short-lived 1999 sitcom The Mike O'Malley Show. In 1999 the song \"Taillights Fade\" was used in the Breckin Meyer/Elizabeth Berkley independent film Taillights Fade. They also recorded The Jam's \"Going Underground\" for the 2000 tribute album '. They were the final musical guest on Jon Stewart's The Jon Stewart Show wherein he showered the band with moderate enthusiasm for their sound and their musical integrity. Buffalo Tom is a perennial performer at the Hot Stove Cool Music concerts that benefit Theo Epstein's Charity, Foundation To Be Named Later. During 2007, Buffalo Tom performed at the South by Southwest Music Festival and went on a mini Summer tour with shows in Boston, New York City, San Francisco, and a few other cities. A new album, Three Easy Pieces, was released on July 10, 2007 through the New West label. The band has played shows in D.C. Chicago, and Minneapolis. A tour of Australia was booked as well as dates in Europe and in their home state of Massachusetts.
Michael Thomas Gminski (born August 3, 1959 in Monroe, Connecticut) is a retired American college and professional basketball player. Gminski played his high school ball for Masuk High School in Monroe, CT. From there he played four seasons with the Duke Blue Devils, from 1977 to 1980. He led the team in scoring during his junior and senior years. Gminski was named the ACC Rookie of the Year (tied) in 1977, first team All-ACC three years, 1978, 1979, and 1980, and ACC Player of the Year in 1979. He was also named an AP Second Team All-American in 1979 and 1980, and a UPI First Team All-American in 1979 and Second Team All-American in 1980. At the time of graduation, he was the Duke career leader in points (2323), rebounds (1242), and blocked shots (345). As of early 2006, he is seventh all time in the ACC in points and rebounds. He is sixth in blocked shots all-time in the ACC and second in Duke history, respectively. He is also second in Duke career rebounds behind Shelden Williams and fourth in points behind J. J. Redick, Johnny Dawkins, and Christian Laettner. His jersey number '43' is retired by the Duke men's basketball team. In 2002, Gminski was named to the ACC 50th Anniversary men's basketball team as one of the fifty greatest players in Atlantic Coast Conference history. Gminski was drafted in the first round by the New Jersey Nets of the NBA. He played for the Nets from 1981 to 1988. He went on to play with the Philadelphia 76ers, as well as the Charlotte Hornets and Milwaukee Bucks. He wore jersey No 42 throughout his career and only got to wear No 43 (his Duke number) in his final 8 games with the Milwaukee Bucks. He scored 10 points in his final NBA game. Gminski was an exceptional free throw shooter, especially compared to other big men (Gminski is 6'11\"/2.11 m). During his career, he converted over 84% of his attempts.
Amiga Corporation was a United States computer company formed in the early 1980s as Hi-Toro. It is most famous for having developed the Amiga computer, code named Lorraine.
The Libertarian Party of Manitoba fielded five candidates in the 2003 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page. The party received a total of 248 votes.
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of candidates in the 1990 provincial election, and won 20 seats out of 57 to form the Official Opposition in the legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Eagle Computer of Los Gatos, California was an early microcomputer manufacturing company. Spun off from Audio-Visual Laboratories (AVL), it first sold a line of popular CP/M computers which were highly praised in the computer magazines of the day. After the IBM PC was launched, Eagle produced the Eagle 1600 series, which ran MS-DOS but were not true clones. When it became evident that the buying public wanted actual clones of the IBM PC, even if a non-clone had better features, Eagle responded with a line of clones, including a portable. The Eagle PCs were always rated highly in computer magazines. On June 8, 1983, the day of Eagle's initial public offering, its president, Dennis Barnhart, was killed in a crash of his new Ferrari, leaving the company suddenly leaderless. (He had just taken a yacht salesman to lunch. ) As news of Barnhart's death spread, the underwriters reversed the IPO, refunding the money that investors had paid for the stock, and held another IPO a few months later, which raised less capital. This dramatic timing has led people to suppose that this event caused the end of Eagle. In fact, the company continued to lead PC sales until IBM launched a multi-party lawsuit against every company that made PC clones, claiming copyright infringement of the BIOS in its machines. Unable to match IBM's resources, all the companies named settled out of court. This led to the founding of third-party companies that sold BIOSes to computer manufacturers. Eagle rewrote its BIOS, but it never recovered its lost sales. A final attempt to create a new market by selling Eagles to China fell through. The company was out of business by 1986.
Abbey Lounge Records is a Boston-Somerville-based record label. The label was formerly associated with the club of the same name, The Abbey Lounge, located on Beacon Street, Somerville, Massachusetts.
The coat of arms of Guatemala comprises: A wreath of olive branches, the symbol for victory; The Resplendent Quetzal, a bird that symbolizes liberty; A scroll on which is written LIBERTAD 15 DE SEPTIEMBRE DE 1821 (15 September 1821 is the date of Central America's independence from Spain); Two crossed Remington rifles with bayonets indicating Guatemala's willingness to defend itself by force if need be; Two crossed swords, representing honour. The emblem was designed by Swiss artist and engraver Jean-Baptiste Frener, who lived in Guatemala from 1854 until his death in 1897. The coat of arms also appears on the Flag of Guatemala. The quetzal previously appeared in the flag of Los Altos, Central America in the 1830s.
William Stanley \"Bill\" Smitrowicz (born May 16, 1947) is an American actor.
The Buckwheat Boyz is a musical group founded by Marcus Bowens and Jermain Fuller, later adding keyboardist J.J. O'Neal and drummer Dougy Williams. The Buckwheat Boyz were signed by Koch Records, and recorded their first and only full-length record. From this self-titled album, the song \"Peanut Butter Jelly Time\", became an Internet superhit after a flash video using the song was created and was also used in an episode of The Proud Family called \"Adventures in Bebe-Sitting\". Their song \"Ice Cream and Cake\" also rapidly rose in popularity after being featured in a 2009 Baskin-Robbins commercial, and was also covered by Chipman. The band was signed by Koch for 3 records, though the unfortunate death of founding member and vocalist Jermain Fuller left the group in shambles. The Buckwheat Boyz eventually split up, late in 2001, having never entered the studio for their second record. After the split up of the band, Bowens pursued a solo career as a gospel artist.
The Lillooet electoral district was a riding (provincial constituency) in the Canadian province of British Columbia, centred on the town of the same name and with various boundaries. Originally with two members, the constituency was split into Lillooet West and Lillooet East in the 1894, 1898, and 1900 elections, with Lillooet West being recomprised as one riding (with only one member) in the 1903 election.
Cariboo was one of the twelve original electoral districts created when British Columbia became a Canadian province in 1871. Roughly corresponding to the old colonial electoral administrative district of the same name, it was a three-member riding until the 1894 election, when it was reduced through reapportionment and became a two-member riding until the 1916 election, after which it has been a single-member riding. It produced many notable Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs), including George Anthony Boomer Walkem, third and fifth holder of the office of Premier of British Columbia and who was one of the first representatives elected from the riding; John Robson, ninth Premier of British Columbia; and Robert Bonner, a powerful minister in the W.A.C. Bennett cabinet, and later CEO of MacMillan Bloedel and BC Hydro.
Atlin was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the 10th provincial general election in 1903 and last appeared in the 34th provincial general election in 1986, after which it was merged with the Skeena riding.
Yale was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from the province's joining Confederation in 1871. It was a 3-member constituency and retained the name Yale until the 1894 election, at which time it was split into three ridings, Yale-East, Yale-North and Yale-West; other ridings in the southeast of the province had previously been split off, e.g. , Fernie, Ymir, Grand Forks, which were later emerged or rearranged into the various Kootenay and Okanagan ridings. In 1903 the name Yale (by itself) was revived, this time as a one-member riding only, the new riding largely based upon Yale-West. Its last appearance on the hustings was 1963. In 1966, it was amalgamated into the new riding of Yale-Lillooet, which is still extant.
Robert Eneas Lamberton (September 14, 1886 \u2013 August 22, 1941) was a U.S. Republican politician who served as mayor of Philadelphia from 1940 to 1941. He was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and ran an unsuccessful campaign for Governor of Pennsylvania in 1934. He ran successfully for Philadelphia mayor against Robert C. White, a Democrat, garnering 398,384 votes to White's 361,143. Lamberton died in office, and Bernard Samuel became acting mayor upon his death. Several years later, a school was named after him in Philadelphia's Overbrook Park section. The school has been called Robert E. Lamberton Public School, Lamberton Public School, Robert E. Lamberton High School, Robert E. Lamberton Eastern Early College High School, and Lamberton High School.
Cowichan was one of the first twelve electoral districts created when British Columbia became a Canadian province in 1871. It was located on southern Vancouver Island. It was a one-member riding only (unlike other early ridings). Its last appearance on the husting was in 1920. It was then superseded by Cowichan-Newcastle, which appeared in provincial elections from 1924 to 1963, after which a revised riding is named Cowichan-Malahat, which is extant today.
Bread and Roses was an all-acoustic rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. Their style of music included influences from country, bluegrass, Irish traditional music, and old-timey genres, as well as punk rock. Their songs ranged from political, such as their rendition of the famous union ballad \"Down With the Sickness\", to renditions of American folk music classics. They also played many originals. As of 2007's release of \"Deep River Day,\" the Bread and Roses lineup consisted of Morgan on bass and lead vocals, Adam on fiddle and vocals, Nate on mandolin, Steve on guitar, dobro, harmonica, and vocals, Dan Pond on acoustic guitar and tin whistle, Whitney on banjo and acoustic guitar and Dan Wilder on drums. An earlier version played electrically and showed a heavy Gang of Four influence. Bread and Roses' releases include a self-produced CD-R, a 7\" split with Mischief Brew out on Fistolo Records, and a full length album titled \"Deep River Day\" out on Fistolo Records. The band has toured with Yoni Gordon and played shows with Mischief Brew, The Can Kickers, The Pine Hill Haints, Tomorrow The Gallows, and many other bands. Bread and Roses was known for their rowdy and enjoyable live performances. They have played in backyards and basements but also in more conventional performance spaces like Cambridge's The Lily Pad and Providence, RI's, AS220. As of June 2009 Bread and Roses is no longer active as a band. Before vanishing into an unfortunate addiction to ether, they released the following statement: We regret to announce that after some 5+ years of existence, we are closing our doors. This was not an easy decision to make, and we deeply appreciate all the bands and musicians who have played with and inspired us, anyone who's ever set up a show so we could show up late and forget our setlist, and all the people who have made us welcome on their floors, in their basements, and in their yards. Being (in) this band has been an honor and a huge learning experience for all of us, both musically and personally, and we will do our best to chisel away at that debt through our future endeavors. On a tangentially related note, we suggest that anyone with time on their hands contact the \"Bread And Roses Benefit Agency\" of San Francisco and urge them to change their name to a song quote more suited to their post-hippie worldview; perhaps something from \"The Preacher And The Slave.\"
Esquimalt was a provincial electoral district in the province of British Columbia, Canada. It was one of the province's first twelve ridings upon its entry into Confederation. It was originally a two-member riding. Its successor riding today is Esquimalt-Metchosin.
Charles Kleinsmith (September 28, 1904 \u2013 June 4, 1942) was a petty officer in the United States Navy who was killed in action during the Battle of Midway in World War II.
The Islands was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in the 1890 provincial election and lasted until it was integrated into the new riding Nanaimo and The Islands as of the 1941 election.
Victoria City was one of the first twelve provincial electoral districts in the province of British Columbia, Canada, upon its entry into Confederation that year. It was originally a four-member riding, and elected to the Legislature several prominent Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) and Premiers. It last appeared on the hustings in the 1963 election.
The Xinca language is a Mesoamerican language spoken by the indigenous Xinca people from communities in the southern portion of Guatemala, near its border with El Salvador and in the mountainous region to the north. The language is generally classed as a language isolate with no demonstrated affiliations with other language families, although a relationship with Lenca has been proposed.
Ralph McMaster Rich (22 January 1916 - 18 June 1942) was an aviator of the United States Navy during World War II. Ralph McMaster Rich, born on 22 January 1916 in Denmark, North Carolina, enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve on 12 October 1939 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. After receiving initial flight training in Minnesota, Aviation Cadet Rich reported for active duty at Pensacola, Florida, on 28 December 1939. Designated a Naval Aviator on 12 July 1940, he was commissioned as an Ensign on 16 August, and assigned to Fighting Squadron Six embarked aboard the aircraft carrier Enterprise (CV-6) on 28 November. ENS Rich participated in several of the early actions of the Pacific War. Among them were the 1 February 1942 raid on the Marshall Islands, in which he destroyed a Japanese bomber on the ground, and the 24 February attack on Wake Island. Promoted to Lieutenant (junior grade) on 28 May 1942, he led a section of fighters covering the approach of American bombers against the Japanese fleet during the Battle of Midway 4 to 6 June 1942. In addition, LTJG Rich is credited with shooting down one enemy torpedo plane while flying on combat air patrol over Yorktown (CV-5). On 18 June 1942, while participating in aerial gunnery practice over the Hawaiian Islands, his F4F-4 \"Wildcat\" fighter lost a wing and crashed, killing LTJG Ralph M. Rich instantly. He was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his \"capable and aggressive leadership\" in the Midway battle, which enabled his attack group to \"maintain continuous flight over enemy naval units, thereby assuring our dive bombers an unmolested approach.\"
The Freedom Party of Ontario fielded a number of candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Lillooet East was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It was created from the division of the former two-member Lillooet into Lillooet East and Lillooet West, and appeared only in the 1894, 1898, and 1900 elections. For the 1894 election Lillooet East was redistributed into Kamloops and Cariboo-area ridings and Lillooet West was given the old Lillooet name, with both as one-member ridings.
New Westminster City was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1871 to 1912. For other electoral districts in New Westminster, please see New Westminster (electoral districts).
West Kootenay-Slocan was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1898 to 1903.
West Kootenay-Nelson was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1898 to 1903. For other ridings named Kootenay or in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
West Kootenay South was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1894 election only. Its official name was \"West Kootenay (south riding)\". It was formed from the division of the older Kootenay riding, one of the province's first twelve constituencies, which for the 1890 election was redistributed into: West Kootenay East Kootenay The West Kootenay riding was further redistributed for the 1898 election into the ridings of: West Kootenay-Nelson, a provincial district from 1900 to 1903 West Kootenay-Revelstoke, a provincial district from 1900 to 1903 West Kootenay-Rossland, a provincial district from 1900 to 1903 West Kootenay-Slocan, a provincial district from 1900 to 1903 For other ridings with the name Kootenay, or which were in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
East Kootenay South was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1898 and 1900 elections. Its official name was East Kootenay (South Riding). It was created by the partition of the old East Kootenay riding which also created its sibling, East Kootenay (North Riding). Successor ridings in the East Kootenay region were Cranbrook, Fernie, and Columbia.
East Kootenay South was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1898 and 1900 elections. Its official name was East Kootenay (South Riding). It was created by the partition of the old East Kootenay riding which also created its sibling, East Kootenay (North Riding). Successor ridings in the East Kootenay region were Cranbrook, Fernie, and Columbia.
West Kootenay North was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1894 election only. Its official name was \"West Kootenay (north riding). It was formed from a partition the West Kootenay riding that also created West Kootenay (south riding).
Newcastle was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia to the south and including some of the city of Nanaimo. It appeared in the 1916 and 1920 elections only. In 1924, portions of it were incorporated into the new Cowichan-Newcastle riding. For other ridings in the Nanaimo area, please see Nanaimo (electoral districts).
Comox was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It was one of the first twelve ridings representing that province upon its joining Confederation, and was a one-member constituency. The core of this once-vast riding, which at its inception stretched to the Yukon border, is now named Comox Valley.
The Damn Personals were a Boston based rock band that existed from mid 1998 until late 2005. The concept was the brainchild of singer/guitarist Ken Cook and guitarist Anthony Rossomando. After several false starts, they finalized their line-up in the summer of 1998, with the addition of Jim Zavadoski on bass and drummer Mike Gill, who had both played in previous bands with Cook and Rossomando respectively. The band quickly made a name for themselves within the east coast indie and garage-rock scenes of the time, becoming known as much for their earnest, catchy songs and unique arrangements as they were for their rambunctious live shows. In the fall of 1998, Mike Gill's friend and house mate Chase Lisbon allied his screen printing business with locally based indie record label Big Wheel Recreation. While silk screening T-shirts, Chase played Big Wheel Recreation's owner, Rama Mayo, The Damn Personals' recently completed 4 song demo. Rama became a quick fan, and asked Gill to arrange a meeting with his band to discuss a record contract. The resulting 2 album deal would yield The Damn Personals' 1999 debut, \"Driver, Driver\" and 2002's follow-up album, \"Standing Still In The USA\". From 1999 until 2005, the band toured the US a dozen or so times, often performing with notable acts such as Piebald, The Explosion, The Mooney Suzuki, Radio 4, Ted Leo and The Pharmacists, The Strokes, Jimmy Eat World and The Hives. They toured Europe and the UK once, when they were invited to be the support act for fellow Boston band, Cave In, on a spring 2003 tour. In mid 2003, Jim Zavadoski left the band and was replaced by ex-Nigel 6 member, Mike Faulkner. Later that year, the band became label-less with the dissolution of Big Wheel Recreation. 2004 would see Ken Cook's relocation to New York City, and increasingly frequent requests from England's The Libertines for Anthony to fill in for their notoriously awol member, Pete Doherty. Regardless of the disarray, the band recorded an album titled \"The World Will End\" with producer Andrew Schneider. This would become their final record. The Damn Personals decided to call it quits in late 2005, playing their final show on New Year's Eve, ushering in 2006 and a new era. Anthony formed Dirty Pretty Things with Libertines members Carl Barat and Gary Powell. Jim Zavadoski joined Boston's The Snowleopards. Ken Cook took up keyboard duties for Brooklyn's Weird Owl, a band fronted by former Damn Personals tour manager, Trevor Tyrrell. Michael Gill formed The Murder Mile with his old friend, ex- Spring Heeled Jack USA and Lost City Angels frontman, Ron Ragona. Michael Faulkner joined the Murder Mile in the summer of 2008. In late 2007, The Damn Personals final album, \"The World Will End,\" was released exclusively online for internet download.
Albert Harold Rooks (December 29, 1891 &ndash; March 1, 1942) was a Captain in the United States Navy who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor during World War II.
Westminster was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It appeared in the 1890 election only. In 1894 it was succeeded by Westminster-Chilliwhack, Westminster-Delta, Westminster-Dewdney, and Westminster-Richmond, which were in the 1898 election succeeded by ridings named similarly, but without the \"Westminster\". NB This provincial riding is not to be confused with the federal Westminster District riding which appeared only in the 1917 election (it was succeeded by the Fraser Valley riding.
Jubilee Christian Church International is a Christian Church located in Boston, Massachusetts. With a congregation of over 6,800, it is, according to the Boston Globe, the largest Protestant church in Eastern Massachusetts. The church operates New England's largest Christian bookstore, and hosts an annual gospel concert which draws some of the biggest names in gospel music. According to the church's website, the teachings of the church ministry follow the fundamental truths of Christian orthodoxy. The church does not appear to be affiliated with a particular Christian denomination, though a Boston Herald article about the church describes it as Pentecostal. The church is part of the Church of God (Anderson, IN) reformation movement. The fellowship is part of the Holiness Movement.
Pee Shy (1993-1998) were an indie pop band from Tampa, Florida, whose clever, literate lyrics and unorthodox if primitive instrumentation led them to a brief major label career that ended just as they were attracting national commercial radio airplay. They released two albums for Mercury Records, played with artists including Stereolab, Luna, the Village People and Shannon Wright, and twice performed at the annual South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas. Their second album, Don't Get Too Comfortable, peaked at No. 2 in the national college music charts in February 1998.
Fay Broughton Begor (15 October 1916 &ndash; 9 September 1943) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War II.
Ira Joe Fisher (born October 31, 1947, Salamanca, New York) was the weather reporter for CBS's The Saturday Early Show, a position he held from 1999 until 2006. He was known for his ability to write backwards on \"Plexiglass 2000\" weather presentations. He often entertained the crowds on the plaza outside the CBS studios. Fisher lives in Connecticut with wife, Shelly. They have four children: Joshua, Shelby, Ashley, and Dylan.
The Autumn Offering, often known as TAO, is a metal band on Victory Records. The Autumn Offering was formed in 1999 and by 2003, they had completed several regional tours and self-booked US tours. After Hatebreed front-man Jamey Jasta took notice of them, The Autumn Offering was signed to Stillborn Records and released Revelations of the Unsung the same year. Since then, they have toured with bands like Slayer, Slipknot, Mastodon, God Forbid, Killswitch Engage, CKY, Gwar, Mushroomhead, Dope, Hatebreed and more. In 2005, the band was signed to Victory Records. After their debut was reissued in January 2006, they entered Audiohammer Studios with Jason Suecof to begin work on Embrace the Gutter, which was released on May 16, 2006. After completing Embrace the Gutter and a few national tours, singer Dennis Miller quit the band to pursue a normal life. The band continued on and eventually chose good touring friend Matt McChesney from Hell Within to replace him. The band also separated with original drummer Nick Gelyon in the studio during the recording of Embrace the Gutter due to inner band issues. He was replaced by Brian Sculley soon after. Bassist Sean Robbins left the band in 2008 for unknown reasons. The band's next album, Fear Will Cast No Shadow was released on October 30, 2007 with new singer Matt McChesney. The band has been touring in support of this album until February 2009, when they went back into the studio with Mark Lewis at AudioHammer Studios. The have since completed their new album Requiem, which was released on June 9, 2009 on Victory Records. Their last single \"Silence and Goodbye\" made its debut on MTV'S Headbangers Ball on April 5. In their 10 year long career, they have sold an estimated 60,000 CD's in the U.S.
Garrison was a post-hardcore/punk band based in Boston, Massachusetts from 1996-2004. Garrison released two full length albums, both on Revelation Records. The band used components of post punk, shoegaze, and emocore in their music, and played several hundred concerts throughout the United States, Europe, and Japan. After officially disbanding in 2004, members of Garrison went on to play with Instruction, Fires, The Fly Seville, Gay for Johnny Depp, Campaign for Real-Time, Placer, and Kill Verona.
Aji is a spicy sauce that often contains tomatoes, cilantro, hot peppers, and onions. Recipes vary dramatically from table to table, depending on the preference of the chef. Aji has been used in Peru since the times of the Incas, who called it uchu.
Yale-North was a provincial electoral district in the British Columbia legislature that appeared only in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections. It and its sister ridings Yale-West and Yale-East were created from the older three-member Yale (provincial electoral district), which was one of the province's first twelve ridings as of 1871. For the 1903 election the riding-name Yale was restored on an adapted version of Yale-West. Yale-North roughly corresponds today to the Kamloops-Salmon Arm region.
Yale-West was a provincial electoral district in the British Columbia legislature that appeared only in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections. It and its sister ridings Yale-West and Yale-East were created from the older three-member Yale riding, which was one of the province's first twelve as of 1871. For the 1903 election the riding-name Yale was restored on an adapted version of Yale-West. The area of Yale-West is now part of the riding of Yale-Lillooet.
Yale-East was a provincial electoral district in the British Columbia legislature that appeared only in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections. It and its sister ridings Yale-West and Yale-North were created from the older three-member Yale (provincial electoral district), which was one of the province's first twelve ridings as of 1871. For the 1903 election the riding-name Yale was restored on an adapted version of Yale-West. The area of Yale-East is now part of various ridings in the Nicola, Similkameen and Okanagan areas.
Westminster-Dewdney was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1894 to 1898. It and its sister ridings Westminster-Delta, Westminster-Chilliwhack and Westminster-Richmond were successors to the old four-member Westminster riding, which appeared in 1890 only and was a subdivision of the older New Westminster riding. Westminster-Dewdney was succeeded by the Dewdney riding in the election of 1903. This area is currently part of the Maple Ridge-Mission riding, with its former eastern portions now in Chilliwack-Kent (Dewdney had included Agassiz and Harrison Hot Springs in its first incarnation).
Westminster-Chilliwhack was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1894 to 1898. It and its sister ridings Westminster-Delta, Westminster-Dewdney and Westminster-Richmond were successors to the old four-member Westminster riding, which appeared in 1890 only and was a subdivision of the older New Westminster (provincial electoral district) riding. Westminster-Chilliwhack was succeeded by the Chilliwhack riding in the election of 1903.
Nanaimo and the Islands was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1941 to 1963. It was formed of parts of the former ridings of Nanaimo and The Islands. In the 1966 election the Nanaimo riding name was restored and the southern part of the riding became Saanich and the Islands. That area is now part of Saanich North and the Islands.
Natural was an American boy band who were best known for their debut single and signature song \"Put Your Arms Around Me\". They were very successful in Germany and the Philippines, releasing two albums and nine singles.
Omineca was a provincial electoral district of the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1916.
Cowichan-Alberni was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It appeared in the 1894 general election only. It was formed by combining the Alberni riding and parts of the older Cowichan riding. Alberni riding and Cowichan riding were restored for the 1898 election.
Cowichan-Newcastle was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It appeared in two separate eras, the later in the British Columbia elections of 1960 and 1963 elections.
Cowichan-Malahat was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared in the general election of 1966. In the 1991 general election, it was succeeded by Cowichan-Ladysmith and Malahat-Juan de Fuca.
Francis Charles Flaherty (March 15, 1919 &ndash; December 7, 1941) was an officer in the United States Naval Reserve and a recipient of America's highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for helping his crewmates escape the sinking USS Oklahoma (BB-37) at the expense of his own life, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Kaslo was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance in the election of 1903 and its last in the general election of 1920. It was succeeded by the Kaslo-Slocan riding in the 1924 election. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Dewdney was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its predecessor was the riding of Westminster-Dewdney, which was created for the 1894 election from a partition of the Westminster riding, which was a rural-area successor to the original New Westminster riding, which was one of the province's first twelve.
Charles Arthur Conant (July 2, 1861 &ndash; July 5, 1915) was an American journalist, author, and promoter who became recognized as an expert on banking and finance. He was descended from some of the earlist New England settlers and was born in Winchester, Massachusetts, studied in public schools and with private tutors, and from 1889 to 1901 was correspondent in Washington, D.C. for the New York Journal of Commerce. In 1915 Elihu Root sent him to Cuba, but he died of a fever there. In retrospect, Conant's most important work consists of journal articles collected in The United States and the Orient, in which he argued, before Hobson and Lenin, that imperialism was a natural, necessary, and ultimately positive outgrowth of capitalism. Conant was also among the first economists to articulate the economic utility of speculation on organized stock exchanges. In essays that were collected in the book \"Wall Street and the Country, \"He argued, in what is a familiar formulation today, that stock prices reflect all of the information available about a corporation, economic conditions, etc. , and that those prices were thus a measure of a stock's \"true value. \" The trends of the market, he concluded, were an indication of where the nation's capital could most profitably be invested. His main caveat was that pure gambling by uninformed speculators could hurt the market's ability to reflect true values. He urged that speculation only be carried on by experienced investors with the ability to understand and process complex financial and economic information. He wrote many articles for periodicals and encyclopedias on American and on Latin-American finance and trade, and published: A History of Modern Banks of Issue (1896; fourth edition, 1909) The United States in the Orient: The Nature of an Economic Problem (1900) Alexander Hamilton (1901) Wall Street and the Country (1904) The Principles of Money and Banking (1905)
Edward Clyde Benfold (January 15, 1931 \u2013 September 5, 1952) was a United States Navy sailor who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Korean War. He was killed in action, aged 21, while serving with the 1st Marine Division, as a Hospital Corpsman Third Class.
North Victoria was the a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It was created from a partition of the old Victoria riding, one of the province's first twelve, and first appeared on the hustings in 1894 as part of a redistribution of the old Victoria riding, along with South Victoria. For other Victoria-area ridings please see Victoria (electoral districts).
South Victoria was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in 1894 as part of a redistribution of the old Victoria riding, along with North Victoria. For other Victoria-area ridings please see Victoria (electoral districts).
The Libertarian Party of Ontario (LPO) ran a number of candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Pique macho (pronounced pee-kay maacho) is a typical Bolivian food. It is a heaped plate consisting of bite-sized pieces of beef, sausage, and french fry-cut potatoes. Added to this mixture are onions, locoto, boiled egg, mustard, mayonnaise, and ketchup. Smaller portions are simply called pique; pique macho is a huge portion. Urban legend suggests that this is because you are macho if you can finish one by yourself.
This article is about the provincial riding in British Columbia. For the federal riding in Manitoba see Nelson (electoral district). Nelson was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1916 in place of the former riding of Nelson City. Its last appearance was in the 1928 election. Following redistribution, the Nelson area was combined with the Creston riding to create Nelson-Creston, which first appeared in the 1933 election. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Ymir was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia located in the West Kootenay region. It is named after Ymir, a village east of Trail, B.C. and south of Nelson, B.C.. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903 and lasted only until 1912, after which the area was represented by Nelson riding. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Bernard Budiansky (1925 - 1999) was a renowned scholar in the field of applied mechanics, and made seminal contributions to the mechanics of structures and mechanics of materials. He was a recipient of the Timoshenko Medal.
Greenwood was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It was located in the Boundary Country west of Grand Forks around the city of Greenwood. It first appeared on the hustings in the large redistribution prior to the 1903 election. For the 1924 election it was merged with the Grand Forks riding to form Grand Forks-Greenwood. For other historical and current provincial electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Steven Black is the Co-Chief Executive Officer of JP Morgan, the investment banking subsidiary of JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co.. He is a 1974 graduate of Duke University, and has served on the New York Development Council. Black and his wife Deborah live with their three children in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Grand Forks was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia centred on the town of Grand Forks, in the Boundary Country between the Okanagan and Kootenay Countries. The riding first appeared as the result of a redistributing of the former West Kootenay (south riding) which also created Greenwood, Rossland City, Nelson City, and Ymir (electoral district) in 1903. In 1924 the area of the Grand Forks riding was merged with that of the Greenwood riding to create Grand Forks-Greenwood. The area is currently represented by West Kootenay-Boundary. For a complete list of historical and current ridings in the Kootenay district of British Columbia, Canada, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Rossland was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia located in the West Kootenay region. It is named after the town of Rossland, near Trail, B.C.. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1916 . Its predecessor riding was Rossland City (1903-1912) and from 1924 it was succeeded by the riding of Rossland-Trail. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Grand Forks-Greenwood was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia centred on the town of Grand Forks, in the Boundary Country between the Okanagan and Kootenay Countries. The riding first appeared in the 1924 election as the result of a merger of the former ridings of Greenwood and Grand Forks, and lasted until the 1963 election. As of 1966 the area was represented by Boundary-Similkameen. The same area is now part of West Kootenay-Boundary. For other ridings in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Columbia was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903. It lasted until the 1928 election, after which the revised riding was renamed Columbia River. This riding was later merged with the Revelstoke riding to become Columbia River-Revelstoke, the current riding for the western part of the area. The eastern part of the riding is now part of East Kootenay. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Kaslo was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance in the election of 1903 and its last in the general election of 1920. It was succeeded by the Kaslo-Slocan riding in the 1924 election. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Columbia River was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1966 to 1986. The riding's predecessor, which was named Columbia, appeared on the hustings from 1903 to 1963. The successor riding in this region is the current Columbia River-Revelstoke riding. For other historical and current ridings in the region see Kootenay (electoral districts) and Okanagan (electoral districts).
Fernie was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia centred on the town of Fernie in the southern Rockies. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903. In a redistribution after the 1963 election the area covered by this riding was incorporated into the new Kootenay riding (same name but smaller than the original 1871-vintage Kootenay riding). For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Cranbrook was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia centred on the town of Cranbrook in the southern Rockies and including nearby Kimberley and other towns in the southern end of the Rocky Mountain Trench. Cranbrook riding made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903. In a redistribution after the 1963 election the area covered by this riding was incorporated into the new Kootenay riding (same name but smaller than the original 1871-vintage Kootenay riding). For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Rossland-Trail was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia centred on the towns of Rossland and Trail, in the West Kootenay. The riding first appeared in the 1924 election as the result of a redistribution of the former ridings of Greenwood and Trail, and lasted until redistribution in 1996. The same area is now part of West Kootenay-Boundary. For other ridings in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
Shuswap-Revelstoke was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1979 to 1991. The riding was formed by merging the northern portions of the Revelstoke-Slocan riding with the Shuswap riding. The successor riding for the Revelstoke area is the current Columbia River-Revelstoke riding. For other historical and current ridings in the region see Kootenay (electoral districts) and Okanagan (electoral districts).
Okanagan-Boundary was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia spanning the area from the Similkameen towns of Kaleden and Keremeos to Grand Forks and Christina Lake, and including the southern Okanagan towns of Okanagan Falls, Oliver, Osoyoos, Rock Creek and Greenwood. The riding first appeared in the 1991 election as the result of a redistribution of the former riding of Boundary-Similkameen. The same area is now part of West Kootenay-Boundary. For other ridings in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts). For other ridings in the Okanagan region, please see Okanagan (electoral districts).
Revelstoke was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903 and lasted until the 1928 election, after which the revised riding was merged with the Slocan riding to form Revelstoke-Slocan. The riding has since been represented by Shuswap-Revelstoke and is currently represented by Columbia River-Revelstoke. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Kootenay region, please see Kootenay (electoral districts).
South Vancouver was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1916 (at the time of its creation the Municipality of South Vancouver was incorporated separately from the City of Vancouver). For other current and historical electoral districts in the City of Vancouver, please see Vancouver (electoral districts).
Vancouver-Little Mountain was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1966 as a two-member seat. For other historical and current ridings in the City of Vancouver, see Vancouver (electoral districts).
North Vancouver was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It first appeared on the hustings in 1916 and at the time of its creation included West Vancouver as well as North Vancouver. Prior to its creation the North Shore had been part of the Vancouver riding.. The North Vancouver riding last appeared in the election of 1963, after which it was partitioned into North Vancouver-Capilano, North Vancouver-Seymour, and West Vancouver-Howe Sound. This area is represented today by North Vancouver-Seymour and North Vancouver-Lonsdale. The Lonsdale riding covers an area similar to North Vancouver-Capilano. West Vancouver-Howe Sound has become West Vancouver-Capilano and West Vancouver-Garibaldi. The latter includes areas formerly part of the old Lillooet riding West Vancouver-Capilano includes western areas of North Vancouver formerly part of North Vancouver-Capilano. For other current and historical North Shore and City of Vancouver ridings, please see Vancouver (electoral districts)
Frank Nelson Cole, Ph.D. (September 20, 1861 \u2013 May 26, 1926) was an American mathematician, born at Ashland, Massachusetts, and educated at Harvard, where he lectured on mathematics from 1885 to 1887. Later, he was employed at the University of Michigan and Columbia University. Professor Cole became secretary of the American Mathematical Society in 1895 and an editor of its Bulletin in 1897. Cole published a number of important papers, including The Diurnal Variation of Barometric Pressure (1892). In 1903 Cole famously made a presentation to a meeting of the American Mathematical Society where he identified the factors of the Mersenne number 2-1, or M67. Edouard Lucas had demonstrated in 1876 that M67 must have factors (i.e. , is not prime), however he was unable to determine what those factors were. During Cole's so-called \"lecture\", he approached the chalkboard and in complete silence proceeded to calculate the value of M67, with the result being 147,573,952,589,676,412,927. Cole then moved to the other side of the board and wrote 193,707,721 x 761,838,257,287, and worked through the tedious calculations by hand. Upon completing the multiplication and demonstrating that the result equalled M67, Cole returned to his seat, not having uttered a word during the hour-long presentation. His audience greeted the presentation with a standing ovation. Cole later admitted that finding the factors had taken \"three years of Sundays\". Cole died in New York City, aged 64. The American Mathematical Society's Cole Prize was named in his honor.
Splashdown, formed in Allston, Massachusetts, in 1996, was an American pop rock band. The group disbanded in 2001; their last show was at the release party for the debut CD of Freezepop on February 2 of that year. Splashdown gained a small but extremely loyal following in the Northeast United States for their combination of electronica, rock, jazz, and Middle-Eastern influences. The band is sometimes described as a trip hop act.
The Beu Sisters are a pop-rock girl group from the U.S. state of Florida. The members of the group are sisters Candice (born 1975), Christie (born 1978), Jiliane (born 1983), and Danielle (born 1987). The sisters were born in the state of New York to parents who performed on Broadway, and from an early age the girls were singing together. The four moved with their family to New Smyrna Beach, Florida in 1989, and by the end of the nineties, they had formed an a cappella act. Desmond Child, a noted songwriter, took notice of the sisters and helped them ink a contract with S-Curve Records.
Byron Conrad Haskin (April 22, 1899 &ndash; April 16, 1984) was an American film and television director. He was born in Portland, Oregon. He is remembered today for directing 1953's The War of the Worlds, one of many films where he teamed with producer George P\u00E1l. In his early career, he was a special effects artist, with a number of credits on Warner Bros. films, an asset when directing the killer ants film The Naked Jungle and the science fiction film Robinson Crusoe on Mars. Haskin also worked as a cinematographer and producer. His career in television included directing no less than six episodes of the original The Outer Limits, including two highly regarded episodes, \"The Architects of Fear\" and \"Demon with a Glass Hand\". He also co-produced the original Star Trek pilot episode, \"The Cage\". Haskin appeared as an interviewee on-screen in the 1980 documentary Hollywood series by Kevin Brownlow. Haskin died in Montecito, California just before his 85th birthday.
YouSendIt is a web-based pseudo-SaaS digital content delivery service provided by YouSendIt, Inc. It lets users send, receive and track files on-demand. It is an alternative to sending large e-mail attachments, using FTP, and sending CDs or DVDs or tape or USB flash drive via courier. The sender can enter the recipients' e-mail addresses, attach the file and send it; the recipients receive an e-mail notification with a URL that lets them download the file. The company operates on a freemium basis, with basic features being offered for free and more advanced features for a fee. With more than 9.5 million registered users from 220 countries, YouSendIt once transferred over 40,000 GB per day and over 500 million files to date. Sending a 100 MB file is free, larger files require a paid account. According to QuantCast, YouSendIt has over 400,000 monthly US users.
Joseph Burlazzi was an U.S. Army soldier in World War II who was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his conduct during Army operations in North Africa.
Saanich and the Islands was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1966 to 1986. Most of the riding is now part of Saanich North and the Islands, while the southern part of the riding is now Saanich South. For other current and historical ridings on Vancouver Island, please see Vancouver Island (electoral districts) or, for those in the area of Victoria, Victoria (electoral districts).
Prince Rupert was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1916 and its last in the 1986 election. Its main successor ridings are North Coast and Skeena.
South Okanagan was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia beginning with the election of 1916. Following the 1975 election boundary revisions accompanied the riding's renaming to Okanagan South. The riding was originally part of the Yale riding until 1890, and when first that riding was broken up the Okanagan was in Yale-East (1894-1900), and then in Okanagan (1903-1912). Both South Okanagan and North Okanagan were created in advance of the 1916 election.
Harry Pussy was a noise rock band from Miami, active from 1992 to 1997. The main members were Bill Orcutt on guitar and vocals and Adris Hoyos on drums and vocals. Other members included briefly Ian Steinberg on accordion, and later either Mark Feehan or Dan Hosker on second guitar. They recorded primarily for the Siltbreeze label. The often violent and sexually charged music of Harry Pussy is still well-regarded and highly influential in the noise and noise rock scenes. Bill Orcutt's guitar playing was almost exclusively atonal, and performed on a four-string guitar. Adris Hoyos' unrestricted, freeform vocalisations and drumming have been noted as an influence by Chris Corsano and by Heather Leigh Murray of Charalambides. Following the dissolution of Harry Pussy, Hoyos began playing sporadically in improv groups and Orcutt focussed on film-making. Bill Orcutt started playing live and releasing albums again in 2009. He collaborated with the drummer Paul Hession at the Colour of Space festival and released both an untitled 7\" and a LP, A New Way To Pay Old Debts.
Similkameen was the name of a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia formed around the historic mining district of the same name. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903. After the 1963 election, which was the occasion of this riding's last appearance, this electoral district was combined with the Boundary District to form Boundary-Similkameen for the 1966 election.
Chilliwhack was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1903. It was the successor riding to Westminster-Chilliwhack and itself was succeeded by Chilliwack after the 1912 election.
Chilliwack was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1916. It was the successor riding to the Chilliwhack riding, which used the older spelling of the name and had slightly different boundaries. Chilliwhack was the successor riding to Westminster-Chilliwhack, which was one of four subdivisions of the old rural Westminster riding, the others being the ridings that became, after similar name-changes, Delta, Dewdney and Richmond (electoral district), which are the parent ridings of all current Fraser Valley electoral districts. Chilliwack riding lasted until the 1996 election. In 2001 the area became represented by Chilliwack-Kent and Chilliwack-Sumas.
Singani is a grape Brandy made in Bolivia, similar to pisco, distilled from a variety of the muscatel grape grown in southern Bolivia. It is Bolivia's national liquor. Singani is used to make many traditional cocktails, including the chuflay and the yungue\u00F1o. Singani originated in the Valley of Cinti in Chuquisaca, the result of the locals distilling wine obtained from the Augustinian missionaries, who had been making wine in the region since about 1550. It is now made exclusively in the Tarija Department, the wine center of Bolivia. Singani is considered an exclusive product of Bolivia, and was declared an geographical indication (GI) on May 4, 1992.
Okanagan was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1903 to 1912. For other current and historical electoral districts in the Okanagan region, please see Okanagan (electoral districts).
Thomas Joel Maloy (26 September 1906 &ndash; 13 November 1942) was a member of the United States Navy and a recipient of the Navy Cross for heroism. Maloy was born in Portland, Oregon, and enlisted in the Navy 30 September 1926. On 13 November 1942, in action off Guadalcanal, Chief Watertender Maloy\u2019s ship, USS Atlanta, was torpedoed and went dead in the water. After ordering his crew to abandon number one fireroom, Maloy remained at his station struggling to stem the rapid flooding of the area. Compelled to leave the compartment, he proceeded to the forward engineroom to investigate conditions there. He perished in this heroic attempt to save the ship. He was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroism during the Guadalcanal campaign. The USS Maloy DDE-791 was named after him.
Captain Richard E. Fleming (November 2, 1917\u2013June 5, 1942) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism in World War II during the Battle of Midway. Fleming piloted a Vought SB2U Vindicator dive bomber in an attack on the Japanese cruiser Mikuma.
Human Sexual Response was an American New Wave band formed in Boston, MA in 1978. The band broke up in 1982.
Baldomero Lopez (August 23, 1925 &ndash; September 15, 1950) was a first lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for smothering a hand grenade with his own body during the Inchon Landing, on September 15, 1950.
Richmond-Point Grey was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It first appeared in the provincial election of 1924 and lasted only through the election of 1928. For other ridings in the area of Richmond, British Columbia, please see New Westminster (electoral districts).
Okanagan North was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia beginning with the election of 1979.
Saanich was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance in the election of 1903 and its last in the general election of 1963 after which it was combined with parts of the former Nanaimo and the Islands riding to form Saanich and the Islands. The same area is currently represented by Saanich North and the Islands and Saanich South. For other current and historical electoral districts in the area of Victoria, British Columbia please see Victoria (electoral districts).
James Deshaune Allen is an American football linebacker in the National Football League who is currently a free agent and played most recently for the New Orleans Saints.
Betty Jane Kathleen Crowley (born December 26, 1931) was Miss New Jersey in 1949 and a contestant for Miss America in the same year (she came sixth). Afterwards she became an actress who specialized in being phenomenally seductive in TV series and movies. Most well known for playing a variety of sirens in TV's Maverick (1957) opposite James Garner, Jack Kelly, and Roger Moore, she made 81 television appearances and appeared in twenty movies between 1951 and 1970 (one of her last movie roles was in Downhill Racer with Robert Redford). Many of her films were low-budget sci-fi and horror movies, but she seemed to appear in practically every narrative television series produced in the late '50s and '60s, including Bourbon Street Beat, Surfside 6, Hawaiian Eye, 77 Sunset Strip, Bat Masterson, Bonanza, Branded, My Three Sons, Donna Reed, Perry Mason, Checkmate, Bronco, Route 66, Thriller, Batman, Disneyland, Family Affair, Rawhide, The Lone Ranger, and many others. Crowley was often confused with her acting contemporary Pat Crowley (frequently billed as \"Patricia Crowley\"), who appeared as guest leading lady in different episodes of many of the same television series and was not related. In the Philip Roth novel American Pastoral, the protagonist marries Miss New Jersey 1949, in the book named Dawn Dwyer and having few similarities to Crowley's post-Miss New Jersey life (including a poorer finish in the Miss America pageant).
Richmond was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It made its first appearance on the hustings in the election of 1903. It lasted until the 1920 election, after which a redistribution combined it with parts of the City of Vancouver to form Richmond-Point Grey. For other Richmond-area ridings, and other ridings in the Lower Mainland, please see New Westminster (electoral districts). For ridings in the City of Vancouver or on the North Shore, please see Vancouver (electoral districts).
South Nanaimo was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections only. For other historical and current ridings named Nanaimo or in the area of Nanaimo, British Columbia please see Nanaimo (electoral districts).
North Nanaimo was an electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in the 1894, 1898 and 1900 elections only. For other historical and current ridings named Nanaimo or in the area of Nanaimo, British Columbia please see Nanaimo (electoral districts).
Peace River was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It made its first appearance in the general election of 1933, and its last was in 1953.
Mike Hass (born January 2, 1983 in Portland, Oregon) is an American football wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oregon State. Hass has also played for the Chicago Bears.
Geoff Byrd is a musician, born in Portland, Oregon. He has been credited as the first artist to break into mainstream music by way of the internet. Geoff is the lead singer of the band The Likes Of You. Geoff is an unsigned artist.
Cell is an apocalyptic horror novel published by American author Stephen King in 2006. The plot concerns a New England artist struggling to reunite with his young son after a mysterious signal broadcast over the global cell-phone network turns the majority of his fellow humans into mindless vicious animals.
Bright is a post-rock and ambient music group based in Brooklyn, New York.
Robert Paul Ruwe is a senior judge of the United States Tax Court. Ruwe graduate from Roger Bacon High School, St. Bernard, Ohio, in 1959. He earned his BA at Xavier University, Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1963, and was a Special Agent for the Intelligence Division of the Internal Revenue Service from 1963-70. In 1970, he received his J.D. from Salmon P. Chase College of Law in 1970, graduating first in class. He then joined the Office of Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service in 1970, and held the following positions with the IRS: Trial Attorney (Indianapolis), Director, Criminal Tax Division, Deputy Associate Chief Counsel (Litigation), and Director, Tax Litigation Division. He was appointed by President Ronald Reagan as Judge, United States Tax Court, on November 20, 1987, for a term ending November 19, 2002. Ruwe retired on November 20, 2002, but continues to perform judicial duties as Senior Judge on recall.
Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 262 (HMM-262) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-46E Sea Knight transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Flying Tigers\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 36 (MAG-36) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW).
John Francis Hirschbeck (born September 7, 1954 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an umpire in Major League Baseball who has worked in the American League from 1984 to 1999 and throughout both major leagues since 2000; he is currently a crew chief. On February 28, 2000, Hirschbeck was elected as the first president of the newly certified World Umpires Association. He wears uniform number 17, which was also his number when the leagues maintained separate umpiring staffs. Hirschbeck has officiated in the All-Star Game twice (1989, 2004), in the Division Series 7 times, the American League Championship Series 4 times, and the World Series twice. Hirschbeck was the home plate umpire on August 7, 2007 at AT&amp;T Park in San Francisco when the Giants' Barry Bonds hit his record 756th career home run. His 2006 crew included Wally Bell, C. B. Bucknor, and Mark Carlson. His crew in 2007 included Wally Bell, Laz Diaz and Bill Welke.
Vancouver Centre was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1933. It and the other new Vancouver ridings in this year, Vancouver-Burrard, Vancouver-Point Grey and Vancouver East, were all created from the old Vancouver City riding, which was a six-member seat. Vancouver Centre was a two member seat throughout its existence. For a full listing of Vancouver ridings, historical and current, please see Vancouver (electoral districts).
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 267 (HMLA-267) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Vancouver East was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada. It first appeared on the hustings in the general election of 1933. It and the other new Vancouver ridings in this year, Vancouver-Burrard, Vancouver-Point Grey and Vancouver Centre, were all created from the old Vancouver City riding, which was a six-member seat. Vancouver East was a two member seat. For a full listing of Vancouver ridings, historical and current, please see Vancouver (electoral districts).
Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 152 (VMGR-152) provides aerial refueling service to support Fleet Marine Force (FMF) air operations; and provides assault air transport of personnel, equipment, and supplies. The squadron, known as the \"Sumos\", flies the fixed-wing KC-130J aircraft. VMGR-152 is stationed at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan and is part of Marine Aircraft Group 36 (MAG-36) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW).
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 369 (HMLA-369) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. The squadron, also known as the \"Gunfighters\", is based at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 36 (MALS-36) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Nicknamed Bladerunner, they are currently based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 36 (MAG-36) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW).
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 169 (HMLA-169) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
William H. Detrick Gymnasium is a 3,200-seat multi-purpose arena in New Britain, Connecticut. It is home to the Central Connecticut State University Blue Devils basketball team. It opened in 1965. The Northeast Conference men's basketball tournament was held there in 1998, 2002, and 2007.
Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 1 (VMAQ-1) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The VMAQ-1 logo is the Banshee, an Irish mythological figure foretelling death. Its motto is \u201CTairngreacht Bas,\u201D Gaelic for \u201CDeath Foretold. \u201D
The Derek Trucks Band, according to one Allmusic reviewer, are a \"group of musicians that share a passion for improvisation and musical exploration\". The band was founded in 1994 by young slide guitar prodigy, Derek Trucks, who began playing guitar and touring with some of blues and rock music's elite when he was just nine years old. After experimenting as an adolescent with musicians he met between tours and recording sessions, Trucks founded The Derek Trucks Band in 1994. With family ties to The Allman Brothers Band, Trucks continued to experiment and play with others, carefully assembling his own band over a period of several years. Loosely based in his family home in Jacksonville, Florida, with Trucks as unquestionable bandleader, the band is made up of six individuals. The band has drawn upon the wide variety of the influences and musical preferences of its band members. Together, they have gained increasing public notice and critical acclaim for developing a unique sound of their own. Melding together blues, southern rock, jazz, rhythm and blues, and Hindustani classical music with afro-beat and a fusion of world music, the band has released nine albums as of 2009. Increasingly, the bandmates have combined their talents to perform pieces from some of the most highly regarded musicians before them, while at the same time collaborating on writing the songs they have recorded. Their sound has became, with maturity, a way for Trucks to explore his own creativity. Rather than focus all his energy into his increasing role as a guest (and eventually, a permanent membership in The Allman Brothers Band) Trucks has nurtured a different eclectic sound as bandleader of what is now The Derek Trucks Band.
Exodus Communications was an Internet hosting service and Internet service provider to dot-com businesses. It went broke, along with many of its customers, during the bursting of the dot-com bubble. It declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2001 and was purchased by Cable and Wireless in November 2001.
Surrey was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1966 to 1983. The riding's predecessor was the Delta riding. For other historical and current ridings in Vancouver or the North Shore see Vancouver (electoral districts). For other Greater Vancouver area ridings please see New Westminster (electoral districts).
Surrey-Guildford-Whalley was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia in 1986 only. The riding's predecessor was the Surrey riding, which first appeared in the 1933 election. For other historical and current ridings in Vancouver or the North Shore see Vancouver (electoral districts). For other Greater Vancouver area ridings please see New Westminster (electoral districts).
This Is Boston, Not L.A. is a hardcore punk compilation album released in 1982. It is considered the definitive album from the Boston hardcore scene, as several of the bands that were prominent in that scene appear on the album. On the cover is Gang Green playing at Streets nightclub in Boston. The bands performing included The Groinoids, Decadence, The Proletariat, The Freeze, The F.U. 's, Jerry's Kids, and Gang Green.
Coquitlam was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1966 to 1975. The riding's successor was the Coquitlam-Moody riding. For other Greater Vancouver area ridings please see New Westminster (electoral districts) and/or Vancouver (electoral districts).
Coquitlam-Moody was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1979 to 1986. Its predecessor riding was Coquitlam and its successor was the Coquitlam-Maillardville riding. For other Greater Vancouver area ridings please see New Westminster (electoral districts) and/or Vancouver (electoral districts).
Central Fraser Valley was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1979 to 1986. For other Greater Vancouver area ridings please see New Westminster (electoral districts) and/or Vancouver (electoral districts).
Heidi Jo Mueller is an American actress. She portrayed the role of Kay Bennett on the NBC daytime soap opera Passions from 2003 until 2008
Marine Aircraft Group 12 (MAG-12) is an active air group of the United States Marine Corps, tasked with providing assault support aircraft. It is currently part of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW), itself an integral part of the III Marine Expeditionary Force, and based at MCAS Iwakuni in Japan.
Alex Bannister (born April 23, 1979 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a National Football League wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens. He attended Eastern Kentucky University and was selected in the fifth round of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Seattle Seahawks. In 2003 he was selected to the Pro Bowl, mainly due to his special teams contributions.
Peter Cookson (May 8, 1913 - January 6, 1990) was a stage and film actor of the 1940s and 1950s. Cookson, once married to stage and film actress Beatrice Straight, acted in films G.I. Honeymoon (1945) and Fear. The actor was born in Milwaukie, Oregon. His most famous stage role was of the love struck judge in Cole Porter's 1955 hit musical Can Can in which he introduced the song It's All Right With Me .
Chuj is a language belonging to Q'anjobalan-Chujean family of Mayan languages spoken by around 40,000 people in Guatemala and 10,000 in Mexico. Chuj together with the languages of Tojolab'al, Mocho', Akateko, Q'anjob'al and Popti' form the western branch of the Mayan family of languages. Chuj created its own branch about 21 centuries ago. In Guatemala, Chuj speakers are located in three municipalities in the department of Huehuetenango. They are San Mateo Ixtat\u00E1n, San Sebasti\u00E1n Coat\u00E1n and Nent\u00F3n. There is a high level of language conservation in these areas. Some communities of Barillas and Ixc\u00E1n also speak Chuj in Guatemala. The Chuj Mayan language has been influenced by Spanish and speakers of this language have a tendency to mix Chuj with Spanish words. It is estimated that 70% of the Chuj language is purely Chuj.
The 9th Street PATH station, opened on February 25, 1908, is located on 9th Street and Sixth Avenue (Avenue of the Americas), in Manhattan's Greenwich Village neighborhood. In keeping with the \"style\" of PATH station entrances in Manhattan, the 9th Street entrance is in the side of a building, immediately east of Sixth Avenue. Passengers travel down a number of stairwells and through a narrow curved tunnel before descending to the north end of the platform. 9th Street, like the Christopher Street station, has a center island platform. A connection is possible to the New York City Subway B, D, F, and V trains on the IND Sixth Avenue Line and the A, C, and E trains on the IND Eighth Avenue Line at West Fourth Street\u2013Washington Square, however the station is located a few blocks away. After the September 11, 2001 attacks which resulted in the destruction of the vital World Trade Center PATH station, the 9th Street station experienced serious overcrowding. While the World Trade Center station has since reopened, the Port Authority still plans to build the second entrance (pending environmental review), despite local opposition to the project. Residents are concerned that the project will endanger the surrounding neighborhood's fragile historic buildings (through the vibrations that a major construction project would cause) and disrupt business and traffic in the Village. The effects of September 11 did not end quickly. In 2002, 9th Street station was used by an average of 8,900 people per day, about 3.248 million per annum. This was 54% higher than the 1.496 million passengers that utilised 9th Street in 2001. North of this station, at the curve, there are tunnel headings for a level junction with a never-built branch line that would have run into the IRT Astor Place station. The bellmouth for the proposed Astor Place connection north of this station runs for about 250 feet. The station is served by the Journal Square-33rd Street and Hoboken-33rd Street services.
Michael Pertschuk (born January 12, 1933) is a consumer advocate, author and former government official. He served as consumer counsel and later chief counsel and staff director to the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, from 1965 to 1976; as chairman of the Federal Trade Commission from 1977 to 1981 and as a commissioner of the FTC until 1984; and as co-founder and co-director of the Advocacy Institute. He is the author of Revolt against Regulation: The Rise and Pause of the Consumer Movement; Giant Killers; Smoke in Their Eyes: Lessons in Movement Leadership from the Tobacco Wars; and, with Wendy Schaetzel, The People Rising: The Campaign Against the Bork Nomination. He was born in 1933 in London, England. While on the Senate Commerce Committee staff, he was instrumental in drafting the landmark legislation that required warnings on cigarette labels and that banned broadcast advertising of tobacco products. He is the author of four of the tobacco control movement\u2019s most influential guides, and he was instrumental in developing GLOBALink, the primary communication tool for the international tobacco control movement. He founded the Smoking Control Advocacy Resource Center, which as part of the Advocacy Institute provided guides, training, strategic counseling, and other resources to combat the tobacco industry. The papers of Michael Pertschuk are available at the United States Library of Congress. They span the years 1949-2002, with the majority of the papers concentrated from 1977 through 2001. They focus on Pertschuk's work in the arena of consumer protection and consist of two parts processed at different times. Part I relates primarily to Pertschuk's career in the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Part II focuses primarily on his writing projects and his work in the field of public interest lobbying and as a tobacco control advocate in the years following his departure from the Federal Trade Commission. The file includes correspondence with Jack Anderson, Patricia P. Bailey, David Brinkley, Jimmy Carter, David Cohen, John D. Dingell, James Florio, Lewis H. Goldfarb, David Horowitz, George W. Koch, Warren G. Magnuson, Colman McCarthy, James C. Miller III, Walter Mondale, Edmund S. Muskie, Ralph Nader, Victor S. Navasky, Esther Peterson, Robert Pitofsky, Alan A. Ransom, Ronald Reagan, David A. Rice, Warren B. Rudman, Alan K. Simpson, Philip M. Stern, Robert S. Strauss, Jack Watson, and Caspar W. Weinberger.
Pamela R. Lampitt (born December 19, 1960, Natick, Massachusetts) is an American Democratic Party politician, who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly, where she represents the 6th legislative district, having taken office on January 10, 2006. Pamela Lampitt was elected to the Assembly on November 8, 2005, filling the seat of fellow Democrat Mary Previte, who did not run for re-election and had held the seat in the Assembly since 1998. Lampitt serves in the Assembly on the Higher Education Committee (as Vice-Chair), the Commerce and Economic Development Committee and the Intergovernmental Relations Commission. An 18-year resident of Cherry Hill Township, New Jersey, Lampitt was elected to the Cherry Hill Township Council in 2003 after serving on the township Zoning Board. As a councilwoman, Lampitt worked to preserve open space in Cherry Hill. Lampitt worked on efforts to streamline town management and eliminate bureaucracy. She also led the effort to better coordinate economic development and encourage greater communication among the township\u2019s businesses. In the mid-1970s, Lampitt was inspired by her mother\u2019s involvement with Aid for Cancer Research, a volunteer organization devoted to grants for vital medical research. As a result, Lampitt is active in the South Jersey Chapter of the City of Hope, a cancer research institution. Lampitt\u2019s personal experience has made affordable and accessible quality healthcare, with an emphasis on expanding cancer research opportunities in the Garden State, one of the platforms of her candidacy for Assembly. As a candidate for Assembly, Lampitt volunteered to take part in the \u201CFair and Clean Elections\u201D pilot program, which is intended to rid the election process of the influence of special interest money. She was part of the first campaign team in state history to qualify as \u201Cclean candidates\u201D under New Jersey\u2019s Clean Elections program. Lampitt was born in Natick, Massachusetts. She graduated from Johnson &amp; Wales University with a degree in Culinary Arts and Management. Lampitt has worked at the University of Pennsylvania for 25 years and currently is the General Manager for Conference Services. She has served on a number of steering committees on the campus, working on the Committee for Manufacturer Responsibility, which ensures university products are manufactured under fair labor standards. Lampitt has been married to her husband, Charles, for 24 years. Their daughter, Ilene, 21, is a junior at Christopher Newport University, and their son, Andrew, 19, is a freshman at The College of New Jersey.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 115 (VMFA-115) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Nicknamed Joe's Jokers after their first commanding officer Major Joe Foss, the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The squadron has seen combat during World War II, the Korean and Vietnam Wars and has deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and most recently in 2008 finished up a deployment to Al Asad Airbase in western Iraq. The Squadron radio callsign is \"Blade\"
Claude \"Jayhawk\" Owens (born February 10, 1969) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played a total of four seasons, spanning from 1993-1996. He was a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in 1993. He was taken by the Colorado Rockies in the 1992 MLB Expansion Draft. Owens played his final MLB game on September 28, 1996, as a member of the Rockies. He is currently the manager of the Minor League Chattanooga Lookouts. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and graduated from Glen Este High School.
Kirk Thornton (Born Sean Thornton on May 13, 1956 in Portland, Oregon) is an American voice actor.
Dudley Vanness Sutphin (born October 25, 1875, in Dayton, Ohio, and died May 18, 1926, in New York, New York) was a prominent resident of Cincinnati, Ohio, a well-known attorney and judge, a French Legion of Honor medal winner, and an outstanding amateur tennis player.
Okanagan South was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia beginning with the election of 1979 and lasting until the 1986 election. The riding is similar to, but not the same as, its main predecessor, South Okanagan, which expired in 1975 but had been the longtime seat of Okanagan South's first member's father W.A.C. Bennett. The area of the riding was originally part of the Yale riding until 1890, and when first that riding was broken up the Okanagan was in Yale-East (1894-1900), and then in Okanagan (1903-1912), and then since that time until 1975 in South Okanagan.
Winslow Corbett is an American actress and the daughter of Rockford Files supporting player Gretchen Corbett (Beth Davenport). Corbett toured as Elaine Robinson in the stage version of The Graduate during the 2000s, as well as touring in several other plays, and appeared in the TV-movie A Change of Heart (1998). She is named after her ancestor Henry Winslow Corbett, an Oregon pioneer and United States Senator.
Frank D'Amico is a politician in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He represented Ward 8 on city council between 1991 and 2003, and campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1999 provincial election.
The Liberal Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1995 provincial election, and won thirty seats to form the Official Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 261 (VMM-261) is a United States Marine Corps tiltrotor squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport aircraft. The squadron, known as the \"Raging Bulls\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) New River, North Carolina and typically falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 (MAG-26) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). They are the fourth squadron in the Marine Corps to transition to the MV-22 Osprey.
Atheros Communications is a developer of semiconductors for network communications, particularly wireless chipsets. Founded in 1998 by experts in signal processing from Stanford University, the University of California, Berkeley and the private industry, it became a public company in 2004. The current President and CEO of the company is Craig H. Barratt. Atheros chipsets for the IEEE 802.11 standard of wireless networking are used by over 30 different wireless device manufacturers, including Netgear, D-Link and TRENDnet.
Linear Technology Corporation, founded in 1981 by Robert Swanson and Bob Dobkin, designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of standard high performance integrated circuits. Applications for the company's products include telecommunications, cellular telephones, networking products, notebook and desktop computers, video/multimedia, industrial instrumentation, automotive electronics, factory automation, process control, and military and space systems. The company maintains a freely downloadable version of SPICE that includes schematic capture, LTspice. Some help with its use can be found at the Boise State University CMOSedu website.
The Family Coalition Party fielded several candidates in the 1990 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
The Libertarian Party of Ontario fielded several candidates in the 1990 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
The Green Party of Ontario fielded several candidates in the 1990 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 161 (VMM-161) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport tiltrotors. The squadron, known as the \"Greyhawks\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW). The squadron has the distinction of being the first helicopter transport squadron in the world.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 464 (HMH-464) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Condors\" and is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina. They fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Maxim Integrated Products is a publicly traded company that designs, manufactures, and sells semiconductor products. The company\u2019s stated mission is to deliver innovative analog and mixed-signal engineering solutions that add value to its customers\u2019 products. To date, Maxim has developed over 6300 integrated circuits (ICs) serving the industrial, communications, consumer, and computing markets. Headquartered in Sunnyvale, California (USA), Maxim has design centers, manufacturing facilities, and sales offices throughout the world. With over $1.6 billion in annual sales, 8,700 employees, and 35,000 customers worldwide, Maxim is among the most profitable companies in the semiconductor industry.
Anarchy Club is a hard rock/electronica duo from Boston, Massachusetts. The band consists of vocalist/guitarist Keith Smith, who is a former member of the band C60, and Adam von Buhler, who plays guitar (including all solos), bass, drums, and other instruments, and is a former member of the band Splashdown.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 134 (VMFA-134) was a reserve F/A-18 Hornet squadron in the United States Marine Corps. Known as \"Smoke\", the squadron was based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and fell under Marine Aircraft Group 46 (MAG-46) and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing (4th MAW). On April 1, 2007 the squadron was transitioned to cadre status and its gear and personnel were redistributed throughout the remaining F/A-18 Hornet squadrons.
Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 2 (VMAQ-2) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 361 (HMH-361) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Flying Tigers\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 462 (HMH-462) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion heavy transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Heavy Haulers\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Chuflay is the name of a traditional Bolivian mixed drink. The drink is made on the rocks in a tall glass, such as a Collins glass, with a jigger of singani and filled with either ginger ale, 7-Up, or Sprite and often garnished with a slice of lime. Chuflay is used in special events, ie. weddings, promotions, amongst others. This drink is very affordable in most places and is served frequently.
The yungue\u00F1o is a traditional mixed drink in Bolivia. It is made from a jigger of singani, simple syrup or sugar, and orange juice. The name means that the drink comes from the Yungas, a tropical and very humid region in the valleys of Bolivia inhabited by Indians who created this mix.
George Irvin Falgout, born 28 October 1922 in Raceland, Louisiana, enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve 19 February 1942. He was killed in action in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal 12 November 1942, while serving in San Francisco (CA-38), heavily damaged in the battle. Seaman Second Class Falgout was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his great heroism and determination to defend his ship even at the cost of his life, when he remained at his gun, firing at a Japanese aircraft until it crashed into his station.
Al Asad Airbase is the largest US military airbase in Iraq and is located in the largely Sunni western Iraq Province of Al Anbar. It was formerly the home of the II Marine Expeditionary Force until January 2010. Other major tenants include the 82nd Airborne Advise &amp; Assist Brigade, 321st Sustainment Brigade (-), MACG-28, MAG-26, Navy Customs Battalion Juliet and small elements of the Iraqi Army.
Donald Hays Spangler (29 May 1918 - 13 November 1942) was an officer in the United States Navy. Born in Albion, Indiana, he was appointed midshipman at the United States Naval Academy on 8 July 1938 and commissioned ensign on 19 December 1941. Ensign Spangler reported for duty on the USS Atlanta (CL-51) at Boston, Massachusetts, on 3 January 1942. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) to date from 1 October 1942. Spangler was killed in action when Atlanta was heavily damaged during the night action off Savo Island in the Solomons on 13 November 1942.
Joseph White Latimer (August 27, 1843 &ndash; August 1, 1863), \"The Boy Major,\" was a promising young officer in the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia's artillery branch during the American Civil War. He was mortally wounded at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Richard Lewis Neuberger (December 26, 1912 &ndash; March 9, 1960) was a U.S. journalist, author, and politician during the middle of the 20th century. A native of Oregon, he would write for The New York Times before and after a stint in the United States Army during World War II. A Democrat, he entered politics in his home state by winning a seat in the Oregon House of Representatives and later was elected to the United States Senate. His widow, Maurine Brown Neuberger, would win his Senate seat after his death.
Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 268 (HMM-268) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-46E Sea Knight transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Red Dragons\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Nicole Brewer (born April 15, 1983) is a former Miss Pennsylvania from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who now works as a news reporter. As a junior and senior in college, Brewer won two local pageant titles, including Miss Central Pennsylvania 2004 and Miss Allegheny Valley 2005. In her second attempt at the state title, she won the Miss Pennsylvania 2005 title on July 2, 2005 in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. On January 21, 2006, Nicole competed in the nationally televised Miss America pageant, making it into the top ten final contestants, ultimately losing to Jennifer Berry of Oklahoma. Brewer graduated from Marple Newtown Senior High School in 2001 and Millersville University of Pennsylvania in 2005, graduating magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science degree in speech communications. During her college years, Brewer was president of the National Broadcasting Society. She also served as business manager for the University cable station, MUTV and as a lead anchor for News 99. Brewer interned at WGAL-TV in Lancaster, Pennsylvania and worked as a special assignment reporter for GATV, a community access station in Greeley, Colorado. Nicole Brewer will join CBS 3\u2019s Eyewitness News team on April 1 as the first local TV reporter reporting primarily for a website, CBS3. COM and as a contributor to Wake Up News on The CW Philly, Vice-President and News Director Susan Schiller has announced. Before joining CBS 3, Brewer had been a feature reporter and producer for the nightly news magazine Tempo at WLVT-TV, the PBS station in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. A native of Philadelphia, Brewer grew up in the Overbrook section of the city. Active in the community, she is a volunteer for the Big Brothers Big Sisters of America organization.
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 162 (VMM-162) is a United States Marine Corps tiltrotor squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport aircraft. The squadron, known as the \"Golden Eagles\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 (MAG-26) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). HMM-162 officially stood down December 9, 2005 to begin the process of transitioning to the MV-22 Osprey. On August 31, 2006, the squadron was reactivated as the second operational Osprey squadron in the Marine Corps.
Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 163 (HMM-163) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-46E Sea Knight transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Ridge Runners\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW). The Squadron's nickname, \"Ridge Runners\", was bestowed as a result of typhoon rescue and relief operations in the mountainous terrain surrounding Hagman, Japan.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 362 (HMH-362) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53D Sea Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Ugly Angels\", is based at Marine Corps Air Facility Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 24 (MAG-24) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW).
Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 166 (HMM-166) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-46E Sea Knight transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"SeaElk\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and is currently the aviation combat element for the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit. Activated in 1985, HMM-166 is the youngest CH-46 helicopter squadron in the Marine Corps.
Edmonton-Norwood was provincil electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The District was created our of the Edmonton district in 1959 and was abolished in 2004 when it merged with Edmonton-Highlands to form Edmonton-Highlands-Norwood. The district was a swing riding and was held by every major party in Alberta. The district has seen a couple of floor crossings and was the only urban seat held by the Alberta Alliance Party. In 2004 Gary Masyk ran a vigorous campaign to save the district from being abolished, and Edmonton losing seats to Calgary.
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 266 (VMM-266) is a United States Marine Corps tiltrotor squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport aircraft. The squadron, known as the \"Fighting Griffins\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 (MAG-26) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 269 (HMLA-269) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Huey utility helicopters. Also known as the \"Gunrunners\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Zechariah 'Junior' Lord (born February 11, 1976) is a former American football wide receiver and linebacker.
Leduc is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 2004.
Wetaskiwin is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1971.
Jack \"Hacksaw\" Reynolds was an American football player who played for the University of Tennessee, and started out as a fullback and changed to linebacker. He was a first-round draft pick by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1970 NFL Draft and played there 11 years before going to the San Francisco 49ers in 1981. He played with the Niners 3 more years and won 2 Super Bowls with them: Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX. He wore the number 64 throughout his career. He played in a total of 13 postseason games. Reynolds currently splits his time between a house in Miami and another in the Caribbean. Reynolds earned his nickname in 1969 by cutting an abandoned 1953 Chevrolet Bel Air in half with a hacksaw after his previously unbeaten University of Tennessee team returned from an embarrassing 38-0 road loss to Ole Miss. \"I came back to school and I was very upset,\" Reynolds said. \"I had to do something to relieve my frustration. \" He decided to turn the abandoned car into a trailer for his newly purchased Jeep. After working through the night on the project, chewing through 13 hacksaw blades, he returned the next day with some teammates to show off his handiwork. However, when they arrived, both halves of the car were gone. For the remainder of his career, the nickname stuck.
Robert William Uhlmann (August 16, 1919 &ndash; December 7, 1941) was an officer of the United States Navy who was killed during the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor.
Coca tea, also called mate de coca, is a tisane (herbal tea) made using the leaves of the coca plant. It is made either by submerging the coca leaf or dipping a tea bag in hot water. The tea originates from the Andes mountain range, particularly Peru. The leaves of the coca plant contain several alkaloids including cocaine; in fact, they comprise the sources for cocaine's chemical production, though the amount of cocaine in the leaves is so small, around 0.4%, that in order to make a gram of cocaine, 250 grams of coca leaves would be needed. A cup of coca tea prepared from one gram of coca leaves contains approximately 4.21 mg of cocaine. Owing to the presence of the stimulant alkaloids, the coca tea provides a stimulant similar to coffee. The tea is often sold commercially in filtering bags, each of which usually contains approximately one gram of the leaf. As coffee can be decaffeinated, the coca tea can also be decocainized. Just like \"decaf\" coffee does retain a minute quantity of caffeine, \"de-cocainated\" coca tea will still contain a minute quantity of the drug. When the cocaine is removed, the amount of cocaine is small enough for the product to legally sell in the USA according to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. In the 1980s the tea was used to wean cocaine addicts off of the drug. The coca plant comprises four main species and varieties of Erythroxylum coca, a plant in the family Erythroxylaceae, native to northwestern South America. Though also known as mate, mate de coca has very little in common with the mate of yerba mate drunk in Uruguay and Argentina. Mate de coca is always drunk as a tea, rather than through a straw.
The culture of Guatemala reflects strong Mayan and Spanish influences and continues to be defined as a contrast between poor Mayan villagers in the rural highlands, and the urbanized and relatively wealthy mestizos population (known in Guatemala as ladinos) who occupy the cities and surrounding agricultural plains.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 466 (HMH-466) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Wolfpack\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 16 (MAG-16) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Aaron Paul Koch is a former National Football League offensive lineman for the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2000-2001. He played college football at Oregon State University and was signed by the Jaguars after graduation. He played in 24 games over two seasons.
Marine Medium Helicopter Squadron 364 (HMM-364) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-46E Sea Knight transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Purple Foxes\", is based at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 365 (VMM-365) is a United States Marine Corps tiltrotor squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport aircraft. The squadron, known as the \"Blue Knights\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
John Jacob Rogers (August 18, 1881 \u2013 March 28, 1925) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. Rogers was born in Lowell, Massachusetts and graduated from Harvard University in 1904 and from Harvard Law School in 1907. He practiced law in Lowell, starting in 1908. Rogers was a member of the Lowell city government in 1911, school commissioner in 1912, and was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-third and to the six succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1913, until his death. During the First World War, Rogers enlisted on September 12, 1918, as a private with the Twenty-ninth Training Battery, Tenth Training Battalion, Field Artillery, Fourth Central Officers\u2019 Training School, and served until honorably discharged on November 29, 1918. Rogers died in Washington, D.C. on March 28, 1925, and was interred at Lowell Cemetery in Lowell, Massachusetts. His wife, Edith Nourse Rogers, succeeded him in Congress.
Frederick \"Fred\" Howard Hovey (October 7, 1868, Newton Centre, Massachusetts \u2013 October 18, 1945) was a male tennis player from the United States. Hovey won the NCAA men's singles championship in 1890 while attending Harvard University. In 1974, Hovey was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame posthumously.
John Good \"Long John\" Reilly (October 5, 1858 - May 31, 1937) was an American first baseman in Major League Baseball who hit 69 home runs and batted .289 during his ten-year career. In 1888, he hit 13 home runs with 103 RBI and a .321 batting average. He was among the top ten of the all-time home run list from 1888 to 1892, but was never higher than seventh. His career highs were: 135 games played, 553 at bats, 112 runs, 170 hits, 35 doubles, 26 triples, 13 HR, 103 RBI, 82 stolen bases, 34 walks, a .339 average, a .366 on-base percentage, a .551 slugging percentage, and 264 total bases. He was also the first of three players to hit for the cycle on three separate occasions during his career. He accomplished the feat twice in 1883 (the first on September 12 and the second exactly one week later on September 19, tied for the fastest that any player with multiple cycles accomplished the feat). His third cycle came on August 6, 1890.
Albert Lester Lehninger (February 17, 1917 \u2013 March 4, 1986) was an American biochemist, and is widely regarded as a pioneer in the field of bioenergetics. He made fundamental contributions to the current understanding of metabolism at a molecular level. In 1948, he discovered, with Eugene P. Kennedy, that mitochondria are the site of oxidative phosphorylation in eukaryotes, which ushered in the modern study of energy transduction. He is the author of a number of classic texts, including: Biochemistry, The Mitochondrion, Bioenergetics and, most notably, his quintessential series Principles of Biochemistry. The latter being a widely used text for introductory biochemistry courses at the college and university levels. As a dedicated educator, it was Lehninger's argument that a knowledge of biochemistry is useful for all well-informed citizens, no matter their callings\u2014let alone the very real intellectual excitement it can offer.
The 23rd Street PATH station, opened on June 15, 1908, is located on 23rd Street and Sixth Avenue (Avenue of the Americas), at the north end of Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood. Before the line was extended to 23rd Street, the northern terminus of the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad was a located station at 19th Street (now closed). This PATH station has side platforms, but passengers must descend one level, walk through an underpass, and go up another stairwell, leading to the New York City Subway mezzanine. The PATH fare control is located in the underpass, which is underneath the IND Sixth Avenue Line tracks. A connection is possible to the New York City Subway F and V trains on the IND Sixth Avenue Line at 23rd Street.
Robert (Bob) Edwin Gross (born August 3, 1953, in San Pedro, California) is a retired American basketball player formerly in the NBA. A 6'6\" (1.98 m) 200 lb (91 kg) forward, he attended Seattle University and California State University, Long Beach, and was selected in the 1975 NBA Draft by the Portland Trail Blazers. He was also selected in the 1975 ABA Draft by the San Diego Sails. Gross was the starting small forward for the Blazers during their only championship season. He left the NBA in 1983 with career averages of 8.9 points, 4.4 rebounds, 1.3 assists and 1.12 steals a game. Currently living in the Portland area, Gross' #30 jersey was retired on December 18, 2008 during the Trail Blazers' home game against the Phoenix Suns. Since his retirement from basketball, he has been in the construction business.
David MacDonald (born 1961) is a Canadian songwriter, producer and performer born in Ottawa, Canada. He is also a well known activist of the Christian right in Ottawa.
Carlos M\u00E9rida (1891&ndash;1984) was a Guatemalan artist.
Jeffrey Kalei Faine (born April 6, 1981) is an American football center for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. He was originally drafted by the Cleveland Browns 21st overall in the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Notre Dame. Faine, a Pro Bowl alternate in 2007, has also played for the New Orleans Saints.
The Outlets were a 1980s Boston rock band consisting of David Alex Barton on vocals, his brother Rick Barton on lead guitar, Mike White on bass and Walter Gustafson on drums.
John (Johann) Bernhard Stallo (March 16, 1823 &ndash; January 6, 1900) was a German-American academic, jurist, philosopher, and ambassador.
Klover was a short lived Boston punk band consisting of Mike Stone (later a Queensr\u00FFche guitarist) on vocals and guitar, Chris Doherty on lead guitar, Darren Hill on bass and Brian Betzger on drums. They released only one album, \"Feel Lucky Punk?\" and an EP, \"Beginning To End\" on Mercury Records in 1995 and disbanded after the subsequent tour.
Larry Hall (born Lawrence Kendall Hall, 30 June 1940, in Hamlett, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio \u2014to Woodrow Burney Hall and Toto Sophia Sizemore Hall. Died of cancer 24 September 1997, Oregon) recorded a one-hit wonder song called \"Sandy\" in 1959. The disc reached #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Larry Hall attended Rancho Alamitos High School, Garden Grove California in the late 50's. His brother, Eugene (Gene) Hall went into the military and brought Larry's guitar with him, so Larry decided to take singing lessons instead. His parents invested in his career by providing him with singing and dancing lessons which lead to a contract with Strand Records. He appeared on the favorite dance show, American Band Stand in late 1959 and was seen out with a variety of female singers. He married Sharon Lee Hattensty in 1961 and moved to Pedee Oregon in 1967. They later divorced. They had three children, Jennifer (Ginger)Dawn Murphy Haber, born July 28, 1962, Toto LaVerne Simons, born November 3, 1963, and Larry Damon Hall, born July 14, 1965. He became involved with Barbara Gambetti after his divorce and they had a son, Jesse Gambetti, born in 1977. He and his family lived in Pedee, as a gentleman farmer of a 120 acre ranch called the Circle H Ranch. He also sang for the rest of his life, joined by his brother Gene at various night clubs in the Willamette Valley and on the Oregon coast, and was often noted in the 'Magpie', a local musical news tabloid published in Salem, Oregon. He befriended and fell in love with Joy Wagner in approx 1985 and they lived together for 15 years until his death in 1997.
Gregory Thomas Waddle (born February 20, 1967 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football wide receiver in the NFL. Waddle is currently sports anchor for Fox Chicago, and co hosts a radio segment on ESPN 1000. He spent his entire six year career with the Chicago Bears. He attended Boston College.
Dartmouth South was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. The district was created in 1967, but was redistributed in 2003. Its former territory now lies withinDartmouth South-Portland Valley and Dartmouth North.
The 33rd Street PATH station, opened on November 10, 1910, is located on Sixth Avenue (Avenue of the Americas), between 32nd and 33rd Streets in Manhattan, under Herald Square. The present station is not the original. When the Independent Subway's 6th Avenue line was being built in 1936 it was necessary to relocate the H &amp; M 33rd Street station. The original station was closed in December 1937. A new terminal station located at 32nd Street was opened September 1939. Although the station is at 32nd Street the 33rd Street name was retained. In addition the H &amp; M station at 28th Street, which had opened November 10, 1910, was closed and demolished. As a partial compensation for the loss of the station an entrance to the new terminal was opened at 30th Street. Connections are available at Penn Station a quarter mile (400 meters) away, to Amtrak, Long Island Rail Road, and New Jersey Transit, as well as to the nearby Herald Square station of the New York City Subway. A \"Gimbels passageway\" was formerly used by pedestrians to connect to Penn Station under 33d Street, but was closed in the 1980s for security.
James Whitney Young (January 24, 1941) is an American astronomer who made significant contributions to the field of asteroid research. After nearly 47 years with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory at their Table Mountain Facility, Young retired July 16, 2009. He was a very prolific asteroid observer of both physical properties and astrometric positions, and had discovered some 390 main belt asteroids since 2002, as well as two NEOs, two Trojan asteroids, three Mars crossers,, and one extra-galactic supernova.
Terry Anne Meeuwsen (born 1949 in DePere, Wisconsin) is an American television personality, co-host of the Christian Broadcasting Network's 700 club, and a singer. She is also known for winning the Miss America pageant in 1973. After her reign as Miss America, she attended St. Norbert College, and had a stint with the New Christy Minstrels singing group. Meeuwsen later moved on into television work at WTMJ-TV in Milwaukee in 1978. She left the station in 1986 to raise her family. Meeuwsen appeared numerous times in the 1980s as a guest co-host of The 700 Club, the flagship show of the Christian Broadcasting Network. In 1993, she became a permanent co-host on the show, sitting daily beside CBN founder Pat Robertson. Since 2000, she has also co-hosted an additional CBN show, Living the Life, along with comedian Louise DuArt. (Both shows are also shown on ABC Family. ) Meeuwsen has released one recording, Eyes of My Heart. She has also authored four books. Meeuwsen and her husband, Andy Friedrich, have seven children. (The marriage is the second for each. ) The couple has strongly advocated adoption, and most of their children are adopted from difficult backgrounds. Their youngest three girls were adopted from Ukraine.
Franklin Square is an abandoned PATCO Speedline station located at Franklin Square in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The station first opened on June 7, 1936, along with 8th Street in Philadelphia and City Hall and Broadway in Camden, New Jersey, as part of Philadelphia Rapid Transit's Bridge Line service. The station was opened for several years before it was closed, citing low ridership. The station was refurbished and reopened as a PATCO station in 1976, coinciding with the Bicentennial celebration. The station remained open until 1979, when it was closed again due to low ridership. All PATCO trains pass through this station when they enter Philadelphia. The platform and walkway are usually visible out the left side of the train. The interior is well lit and graffiti free. From the surface, entrances are visible, but sealed by concrete.
Caught Inside was a four member punk band originally from Miami, Florida. They played a lot at Cheers, a punk rock club in Miami, Florida. They were an active band from Winter 1994 until Winter of 2000. Most notably, they were signed to Drive-Thru Records after Stephanie and Richard Reines heard their 1998 EP Bolts in the Machine. Richard Reines calls this release the unofficial DTR #9, but the Bolts in the Machine EP was never sold with a drive-thru Logo. After their departure from Drive-Thru the band recorded a full length CD before breaking up in 2000. Since their breakup they have played a few shows together in the Miami Area.
The Guatemala-Belize Language Exchange Project 2003 - 2008 (LX Project) was an innovative project under the auspices of the Defence Section of the British Embassy in Guatemala together with the British High Commission in Belize, and commenced operation on 21 July 2003, and continued to operate successfully until 31 March 2008. The official www. guatemalabelize. com website finally ceased to be live on 03 February 2010, and all the NEWS items were recorded in 4 parts and uploaded to the online Docstoc website in February 2010 in order to make these search-available. This Project, and others in the past, emerged as part of the Confidence-Building Strategy agreed upon by the governments of Guatemala and Belize in the light of the OAS recommendations in 2002 relating to the long-standing Guatemala-Belize territorial dispute. The British Government funded this Project through its Global Conflict Prevention Pool (GCPP) - designed to help reduce conflict around the world - administered by the Foreign &amp; Commonwealth Office (FCO), the Ministry of Defence, and the Department for International Development (DfID). LX Project was one of several confidence building projects (including the Xate and Commercial Linkages Projects) - no longer live and represent a solid contribution to achieving an eventual peaceful solution to the historical Guatemala-Belize territorial differendum. The territorial dispute is in the process of being elevated to the International Court of Justice in The Hague, and is currently pending a simultaneous public referendum in both countries. By the end of March 2008, LX Project had undertaken multiple language and cultural activities with the participation of some 30,000 people in Belize and Guatemala, many of whom were in the highly isolated communities of the Adjacency Zone, although the Project also carried out significant work with the security forces and military of both countries. Activities included workshops, seminars, conferences, intercultural language workshops on a cross-border basis, covering diverse areas of government such as foreign affairs, education, health, environment, press and media, archeology, political parties, judiciary system, antinarcotics, security, police, NGOs, and many others. The Project's website is designed with the idea of providing information on the Project itself, Belize and Guatemala (through its Links section), and as a means for Belizeans and Guatemalans to maintain communication on an individual basis through a Chat Room. By the end of the project, many government officials from both countries had participated, including Vice-Ministers and Ministers, directors of government agencies and NGOs, as well as the current Prime Minister of Belize (then candidate for election and leader of the Belizean opposition party), Dean Barrow . LX Project also worked actively with the Organization of American States (OAS) through their Adjacency Zone Office, established between the Customs Houses of Melchor de Mencos and Benque Viejo del Carmen. At this location, ESL classes were provided to local Guatemalan Government officials, whilst in Belize City Spanish classes were taught to Belize Defence Force soldiers and officers. LX Project was overseen by a Project Management Board comprising national government representatives of Belize and Guatemala from the main ministries (Home Affairs, Foreign Affairs, Defence, Education and Health), whose founder Executive Director was Retd. Colonel Ian Blair-Pilling OBE, succeeded by Retd. Colonel Robert Martin, OBE. , both Defence Attach\u00E9s to Guatemala. The Project was managed by Dr. Neville Stiles, who was awarded an MBE in the 2007 Overseas and Diplomatic List for his work. LX Project has been seen as a useful model which could be applied in other countries around the world with similar historic conflict situations. Dr. Neville Stiles is now a Consultant on Central America for governments and corporate business and can be contacted through the website www. nevillestiles. co. uk http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25624848/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-WEBSITE-2004-2008-PART-1---2004-2005 http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25625054/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-WEBSITE-2004-2008-PART-2---2006-(A) http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25625157/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-WEBSITE-2004-2008-PART-3---2006-(B) http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25625338/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-WEBSITE-2004-2008-PART-4---2007-2008 http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25624402/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-PROJECT-HEALTH-MANUAL http://www. docstoc. com/docs/22430067/GUATEMALA-BELIZE-LANGUAGE-EXCHANGE-PROJECT http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25626049/Guatemala-Belize-Language-ExchangeProject--Workshop-Manual http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25625985/Guatemala-Belize-Language-Exchange-Project---Summary-of-Achievements-(English-version) http://www. docstoc. com/docs/25626133/Guatemala-Belize-Language-Exchange-Project---Summary-of-Achievements-(Spanish-version)
Al Taqaddum Airbase, or Al Taqaddum AB, (Called TQ in military shorthand slang), is an airbase that is located in central Iraq, approximately 74 kilometers west of Baghdad, at Habbaniyah. The airfield is served by two runways 13,000 and 12,000 feet (3,700 m) long. Since 2004, it has been known as Camp Taqaddum. (\"Taqaddum\" is an Arabic word which means \"progress\". ) The airbase was originally built by the RAF in 1952 as the subsidiary PLATEAU AIRFIELD of nearby RAF Habbaniya, whose runway was inadequate for the larger long range and jet aircraft being introduced. The original RAF runway was subsequently extended by the Iraqis and a parallel runway added. Some of the RAF buildings were still standing in 2003. Previously known as \"Tammuz Airbase\"(Tammuz, being the Babolyonian month the Baath Party took over Iraq), the Iraqi airbase was long-time abandoned when U.S. forces occupied it beginning in March 2003. The U.S. Army started to refer to the base as Forward Operating Base (FOB) Ridgway. The first U.S. Battalion to occupy the base was the 142nd Corps Support Battalion. The primary mission of the 142nd was to provide logistical support to nearby non-divisional Army units. However, a consequential mission of the 800 soldier battalion was to guard the local Iraqi ammunition storage area that at one time supplied the ammunition requirements of the defunct Iraqi airbase. No Army aviation units resided at FOB Ridgway until the 82nd Airborne Division started operating out of the FOB about August 2003. In 2004, the base name was changed to Camp Taqaddum to keep a more Iraqi face on the local military mission. On August 22, 2004, a group of Marines dedicated the airfield at Al Taqaddum to Lt. Col. David S. Greene, a reserve Marine AH-1W Super Cobra pilot with Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 775 who was killed in action earlier in the year. \"TQ\" is a major hub of men and mat\u00E9riel moving into Anbar province by coalition forces in Operation Iraqi Freedom. According to the Gulf War Air Power Survey, there were 24 Hardened Aircraft Shelters at Al Taqaddum. At each end of the main runway are hardened aircraft shelters knowns as \"trapezoids\" or \"Yugos\" which were built by Yugoslavian contractors some time prior to 1985. Various units of the U.S. Army found numerous MiG 25 and Su 25 Iraqi Air Force fighter jets buried in the area, presumably from the time of the Gulf War. There are three \"sides\" to Al Taqaddum, \"Lake Side\", \"Main Side\", and \"Spring Lake\". These sides denote particular areas. Each area has its own chow hall and phone center. The PX and main military support services are located on \"Main Side\". \"Lake Side\" hosts the air terminal and the primary supply depot. \"Spring Lake\" hosts other logistics units. TQ is adjacent to Lake Habbaniyah. This lake varies in colors, blue some days, to a greenish tint on others. The base is built on a desolate plateau over looking the Euphrates River to the north and Lake Habbaniyah to the south. A drainage canal from Lake Habbaniyah flows between it and the base at Habbaniyah.
The Helicopter Support Team (HST) is a unit of organization within the United States Marine Corps that manages the activities of a helicopter landing zone (LZ). It consists of a team of eight Landing Support Marines who are trained to hook up external loads to the hooks of primarily military helicopters. All kinds of gear can be lifted by helicopter and taken to locations with terrain that is not suited for other kinds of vehicles. For example communications equipment can be placed on top of a mountain within a few minutes of flight instead of a few hours of driving, if one could even drive the equipment to the designated location. The HST is a valuable resource to the Marine Air-Ground Task Force (MAGTF)), as it provides an expedient manner of transportation for gear and supplies. Within the HST there is the HST commander whose job is to coordinate the mission between the airwing, the supporting unit, and the Marine Logistics Group who provides the HST. The HST Commander is usually a Sergeant and sometimes a Staff Sergeant. Subordinate to the HST Commander is the HST Safety NCO, the job of the safety NCO is to ensure that the gear or supplies are rigged properly, and to ensure that everyone underneath the Helicopter are doing their job in a safe manner. The Safety NCO is normally a Corporal or Sergeant. The primary members of the HST are the Leg-men and the inside and outside directors along with the hookman and the Static Man. The inside and outside directors direct the pilot of the aircraft as he centers his helicopter over the load that is being lifted. The leg-men ensure that the slings used to lift the gear do not get caught on anything and lift in a straight manner as to not disturb the load being lifted. The job of the Static man is to use a grounding rod to attach to the hook so that the static electricity conducted by the helicopter is grounded out and does not end up killing a Marine. The Hook Man the hooks up the load to the hook of the aircraft in a safe manner.
Ime Sunday Udoka (born August 9, 1977, in Portland, Oregon) is a Nigerian American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Sacramento Kings of the NBA. Udoka, a small forward, attended Portland's Jefferson High School and Portland State University where he starred for the Vikings. He started his professional basketball career by playing in the NBDL with the Charleston Lowgators who drafted him with 39th overall pick in 2002 NBDL Draft. He was called up to play with the Los Angeles Lakers on January 14, 2004, but was later waived. After a stint in Europe, he returned to the states and once again drafted in NBDL. This time he was drafted 3rd overall by Fort Worth Flyers in 2005 NBDL Draft. He averaged 17.1 points and 6.2 rebounds per game with the Flyers. On April 6, 2006, Udoka was signed by the New York Knicks. Udoka was waived by the Knicks on September 11, 2006. Udoka was the last player invited to his hometown Portland Trail Blazers training camp before the 2006\u201307 season, getting the invite only after Aaron Miles failed a physical. Despite the death of his father during the preseason, Udoka impressed the coaching staff with his defense and professionalism, and improbably, made the team. After having played in only 12 NBA games in his career, Udoka started in 75 games played in the 2006\u201307 season. He played 28.6 minutes per game while averaging 8.4 points, 3.7 rebounds, and 0.9 steals. Though American-born, Udoka's father of Ibibio descent, was born in Nigeria, which qualified him as a member of the Nigerian basketball squad, for whom he played at the 2006 FIBA World Championships. His older sister Mfon used to play in the WNBA. His mother is American. In 2007, Udoka signed a contract with the San Antonio Spurs. Following the 2009 season, Udoka became a free agent, eventually re-signing with the Trail Blazers. He was waived by the Blazers on October 22, 2009. On November 4, 2009, Udoka signed with the Sacramento Kings.
Bob Staak was a star at the University of Connecticut from 1968 through 1971. He had also served as the head coach at Xavier and at Wake Forest. He served one game for the Washington Bullets as an interim head coach in 1997, a loss.
Henry Marchmore Shaw (1819 \u2013 November 11, 1864) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina, as well as an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in action, one of a handful of former U.S. Congressmen to perish during the conflict. Shaw was born in Newport, Rhode Island, November 20, 1819. He completed preparatory studies and graduated from the medical department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1838. He began his medical practice in Indiantown, North Carolina. He was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853&ndash;March 3, 1855). Shaw was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Thirty-fourth Congress. He was elected to the Thirty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1857&ndash;March 3, 1859) and was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Thirty-sixth Congress. With the outbreak of the Civil War, Shaw enlisted in the Confederate army and was appointed as a colonel. He was in command of the Confederate forces at the battle of Roanoke Island. He was killed near New Bern, North Carolina, November 1, 1864. His body was recovered and interred in the cemetery at Shawboro, North Carolina.
William Douglas (Bill) Long is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1985 through 1991, Long played for the Chicago White Sox (1985-1990), Chicago Cubs (1990) and Montreal Expos (1991). He batted and threw right-handed.
The Ontario Liberal Party ran a full slate of 103 candidates in the 1999 provincial election, and elected 35 Members of Provincial Parliament (MPPs) to form the official opposition in the provincial legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Louis Sergio Antonelli (Lou Antonelli) (born January 6, 1957 in Medford, Massachusetts) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer who resides in Mount Pleasant, Texas. His stories have been published in magazines based in the U.S. , U.K. , Australia and Canada. Antonelli's stories are often characterized by a Texas setting, a strong use of dialogue, and twist or surprise endings. Antonelli is a Massachusetts native and grew up in Rockland. As a young man, he attended Columbia University and lived in New York City. In 1982, at the age of 25, he ran as a Republican for the United States House of Representatives in a district including most of the West Side of Manhattan Island along with parts of The Bronx. He lost to the Democratic incumbent Ted Weiss by a margin of 85%-15%. In 1985, Antonelli moved to Texas. He is a professional journalist . He is currently the managing editor of the Mount Pleasant (Tx. ) Daily Tribune. Antonelli got a late start in his fiction writing career; his first story was published when he was 46 years old in June 2003. His first professional sale was \"A Rocket for the Republic\", published in Asimov's Science Fiction in September 2005. He is married to Patricia (Randolph) Antonelli, a Dallas native. They have no children. His Texas-themed short story reprint collection \"Fantastic Texas\" was published by Fantastic Books in Dec. 2009. The introduction was written by Howard Waldrop. It includes the following stories: A Rocket for the Republic The Cast Iron Dybbuk The Witch of Waxahachie Avatar Silence is Golden The Rocket-Powered Cat Rome, If You Want to Big Girl The Silver Dollar Saucer Body by Fisher Video Killed the Radio Star Professor Malakoff's Amazing Etheral Telegraph
Leif Christopher Hansen (b.1957) is the founder and owner of a chain of auto body shops, Leif's Auto Collision Centers, one of Oregon's largest and fastest growing automotive businesses. Hansen was born in Hawaii where he worked as a full time auto body repair man since the age of fifteen. By his early 20's Hansen admits he was involved in drugs and in the late 1980s he was charged with auto theft. In 1990, Hansen moved to Oregon with his wife and child, where he started an auto body repair business, Leif's Auto Collision Centers, while successfully serving five years probation. To many, Hansen is a pro-consumer crusader who never backs down from a fight. For many of those in the insurance industry, Hansen remains an enigma, but a serious threat to their Direct Repair Programs (DRP's) and insurer's pattern of illegal steering, encouraging shoddy repairs and the required use of cheap replacement or aftermarket parts. Today Hansen is one of Oregon's best known media personalities, driven by his ~$1,000,000 per year advertising budget which include familiar television and radio commercials. He made his fortune by appealing directly to the customer through self narrated advertisements, where he promises first rate service, unencumbered by price fixing agreements with the insurance industry. As of 2005, Hansen has maintained a 20% annual growth rate of his business for more than a dozen years. He relies on a combination of anti-insurance company advertising and, according to Willamette Week, lawsuits. Hansen's employees constantly gather new evidence for potential lawsuits against insurance companies, who he says are using illegal means to harm his business and others in the auto repair industry. Several of the lawsuits filed by Hansen alleged defamation by various insurance companies. In recent years, Hansen has gone directly to Oregon Legislature to protect consumers from illegal steering practices. In 2005 Hansen founded a consumer-focused political action committee, Oregonians for Safe Auto Repair (OSAR) to push for legislative changes. In June 2007, OSAR was successful in passing Oregon Senate Bill 523-A. On June 20, 2007 Oregon Governor Ted Kulongoski, signed the bill. On January 1. 2008, Senate Bill 523-A will officially become Oregon law. The law requires insurance companies to inform consumers that they have the legal right to choose where their vehicle is repaired. Under the law, insurance companies must inform consumers of their rights prior to making a recommendation for a repair provider. The law also prevents insurance companies from limiting reimbursement when consumers choose a repair provider without a referral from the insurance company. The law gained the support of Oregon's Attorney General, the State's Consumer Fraud Protection Department and The Oregon Trial Lawyers Association. OSAR members are planning future legislative efforts in 2008 and 2009 in an effort to combat industry-wide anti-steering practices on the part of many auto insurance providers doing business in Oregon. IDGAF
Malar Balasubramanian (born November 15, 1976) is an American pediatrician who pleaded guilty on January 30, 2006 to a charge of involuntary manslaughter and was sentenced to ten years in prison.
London North was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was first created for the 1926 provincial election when the London riding was divided in two sections, and then eliminated prior to the 1934 provincial election when the city was re-configured as a single seat. London North was re-established for the 1955 provincial election and retained until 1999, when most of its territory was integrated into the new riding of London North Centre. The riding was Progressive Conservative bastion for most of its history, and was represented by both Premier John Robarts and cabinet minister Gordon Walker at different times. Marvin Shore won the riding as a Liberal in 1975, and crossed the floor to the Progressive Conservatives the following year. Liberal Ronald Van Horne won it back for his party in 1977, and held it until his retirement in 1988. Progressive Conservative Dianne Cunningham was its final representative.
Welland\u2014Thorold is a former provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created for the 1977 provincial election, and lasted until provincial redistribution in 1996. The riding was formally retired with the 1999 provincial election. Welland\u2014Thorold was a bastion of strength for the Ontario New Democratic Party, which represented it throughout its existence. Its last Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP), Peter Kormos, continues to represent the successor riding of Niagara Centre in the Ontario legislature.
Don Mills was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created for the 1963 provincial election, and lasted until the provincial redistribution on 1996. The riding was formally retired with the 1999 provincial election. At its abolishment, the riding consisted of the neighbourhoods of Woodbine Gardens and Parkview Hill in the borough of East York plus the neighbourhoods of Flemingdon Park and the southern part of Don Mills in North York (all of North York south of Lawrence Avenue). It was abolished into Don Valley East, Don Valley West and Beaches\u2014East York The riding was a bastion of strength for the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario for most of its history, and was represented by moderate Tory cabinet ministers Dennis Timbrell and David Johnson at different times. The Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party both represented the riding between 1987 and 1993.
Jori Lance Chisholm (born September 23, 1975) is an American professional bagpipe player and teacher who lives in Seattle, Washington. He has played with the six-time and current Grade One World Champion Simon Fraser University Pipe Band since 1998 and has been a featured solo performer for the band on multiple occasions. Chisholm is a successful solo competitor winning the United States Gold Medal three times and has placed in the top three in Scotland's Argyllshire Gathering Gold Medal competition. Chisholm has performed in front of sold-audiences with The Chieftains and with ex-Grateful Dead rocker Bob Weir and his band Ratdog, and has been featured as a soloist or band member on over 20 recordings. His debut solo album Bagpipe Revolution was nominated for Album of the Year by Pipes|Drums magazine.
Hubert Scott-Paine (11 March 1891 \u2013 14 April 1954) was a British aircraft and boat designer, record-breaking power boat racer, entrepreneur, inventor, and sponsor of the winning entry in the 1922 Schneider Trophy.
The Rossington-Collins Band was an off-shoot of US southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, founded in 1979 by guitarists Allen Collins and Gary Rossington following the tragic 1977 plane crash which killed three members of Lynyrd Skynyrd, thus ending that band's career. The Jacksonville band released two albums, but disbanded in 1982 due to increasing instability with guitarist Allen Collins following the death of his wife in 1980. Another contributing factor was the growing relationship between vocalist Dale Krantz and Gary Rossington, who married soon after the band dissolved.
Clifford Emmich (born December 13, 1936) is an American television and film actor. He is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as well as the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Emmich made his film debut in the 1972 movie Payday. His biggest role, however, was as Mr. Garrett, the hospital security guard murdered by Michael Myers in the 1981 horror sequel Halloween II. His most recent film roles are in the 1999 films Inspector Gadget and Treehouse Hostage. Emmich has made guest appearances in many television shows ranging from The Odd Couple, Starsky and Hutch, CHiPs, Knight Rider, Night Court and '. Emmich also appeared in the season five episode of Little House on the Prairie entitled The Man Inside, a role he has called his very favorite. In 2007, Emmich guest starred on the hit NBC drama Crossing Jordan.
\"Luna de Xelaj\u00FA\" is a very popular Guatemalan waltz, played on marimba or any other instrument or ensemble; it was composed by Paco P\u00E9rez. The title translates as \"Moon of Xelaj\u00FA\". \"Xelaj\u00FA\" (pronounced shay-lah-HOO) is the old Mayan name for the Guatemalan city Quetzaltenango, still often popularly called \"Xelaj\u00FA\" or \"Xela\". The song was written to Miss Eugenia Cohen, a beautiful Jewish lady who stole the writer's heart, but eventually left him because Eugenia's parents disapproved of the relationship. She lives in Quetzaltenango and Guatemala City to this day. All of the great marimba bands of Guatemala have played it to great success. Perhaps one of the most popular recent versions is as the first selection of the CD Valses inolvidables de Guatemala, with the Guatemalan Millennium Orchestra under the baton of Maestro Dieter Lehnhoff. A fairly notorious rendition by amateur musician Jared Smith was made famous by its use in the \"software toy\" Jared: Butcher of Song. Video
Hari Rhodes (April 10, 1932 &ndash; January 15, 1992) was an American author and actor whose career spanned three decades beginning around 1960. He was sometimes billed as Harry Rhodes and appeared in sixty-six films or television programs, such as ABC's medical drama about psychiatry, Breaking Point. Most of his appearances were in minor roles, according to IMDB.
Brandon Emil Phillips (born June 28, 1981) is an American-born professional baseball second baseman for Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds. The Raleigh, North Carolina native was selected in the second round of the 1999 draft by the former Montreal Expos after signing a letter of intent to play both baseball and football at the University of Georgia. However, he instead signed with the Expos on June 21, 1999. Once considered one of the top prospects in the Expos farm system, Phillips was nonetheless traded to the Cleveland Indians with left-handed pitcher Cliff Lee, outfielder Grady Sizemore, and first baseman/outfielder Lee Stevens for right-handed pitchers Bartolo Col\u00F3n and Tim Drew on July 27, 2002. Phillips made his debut as a September call-up that year on September 13 versus the Minnesota Twins in Cleveland. Phillips was traded to the Cincinnati Reds on April 7, 2006 for a player to be named later, which turned out to be right-handed pitcher Jeff Stevens.
William Rees Lloyd, born 23 September 1916 in Monticello, Florida, enlisted in the United States Navy 9 October 1940. He was appointed midshipman 15 December 1940 and commissioned ensign 14 March 1941. Ensign Lloyd served briefly aboard Luzon (PG-47), then reported to Oahu (PR-36) 26 September 1941. He was killed in action 6 May 1942 when Oahu was sunk at Corregidor at the close of a long and gallant defense. For his valor, he was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.
Matthew Edward Diaz (pronounced \"DYE az\") (born March 3, 1978 in Portland, Oregon) is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Atlanta Braves. Grew up in Lakeland Florida.
Ubicom based in Sunnyvale, CA, develops communications and media processor (CMP) and software platforms that address the unique demands of real-time interactive applications and multimedia content delivery in the digital home. The company provides optimized system-level solutions to OEMs for a wide range of products including wireless routers, access points, VoIP gateways, streaming media devices, print servers and other network devices. Ubicom's unique multithreaded processor design, real-time operating system, and application-level solutions combine to ensure a high-quality user experience with unprecedented ease of use. Ubicom is a venture-backed, privately held company with corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
Cremas, also spelled Cremasse, is a sweet and creamy alcoholic beverage native to Haiti. The beverage is made primarily from creamed coconut, sweetened condensed and/or evaporated milk, and rum. The rum used is usually dark; however, white rum is used frequently as well. Various other spices are added for additional flavoring such as cinnamon, nutmeg, anise, as well as miscellaneous ingredients such as the widely used vanilla extract or raisins. Recipes vary from person to person with a few differences in ingredients here and there. However the overall look and taste is the same. The beverage possesses a creamy consistency similar to a thick milkshake and varies from off-white to beige in color. The drink is popular in Haiti and is served regularly at social events and during the holidays. It is usually consumed along with a sweet pastry of some sort. The drink is often served cold however it can be served at room temperature. The beverage has become recently marketed in Haiti as well as the United States. One of the popular brands is Dorobe.
Marine Attack Squadron 542 (VMA-542) is a United States Marine Corps fixed wing attack squadron that consists of AV-8B Harrier jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 314 (VMFA-314) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. The squadron, known as the \"Black Knights\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3d MAW) but deploys with Carrier Air Wing Nine. Their tail code is VW.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 225 (VMFA-225) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. The squadron, known as the \"Vikings\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 11 (MAG-11) and 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Extreme Networks NASDAQ: EXTR founded in 1996, is a publicly listed company that designs, builds, and installs Ethernet network solutions for enterprise and Carrier Class networks.
Louis M. Orr (born May 7, 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American men's basketball coach. Orr became the 15th different men's basketball head coach at Bowling Green State University on April 4, 2007, replacing Dan Dakich whose contract ran out following the 2006-2007 season. Orr was the former head coach at Seton Hall University from April 4, 2001 until his firing on March 24, 2006. He was formerly an assistant at Xavier University, Providence College, and his alma-mater Syracuse University, before getting his first head coaching job at Siena College.
Marine All Weather Fighter Attack Squadron 224 (VMFA-224) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Also known as the \"Fighting Bengals\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 4 (VMAQ-4) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Keepsake was an American emo band formed in 1997 by Paul Geller and Mark Silva in Coral Springs, Florida. After releasing three records on the independent label, Eulogy Recordings, Geller left the band for personal reasons; returning to music years later as a solo act, \"Pauly Jett\". He also produced three records for Sony Red distributed Undecided Records' artists Shindig, Hearts Over Rome, and Cru Jones. Paul now performs as a nationally recognized DJ Pauly Crush. Jesse Kriz was later a part of Actions Speak Louder and Until the End. The other band members have gone on to play in various emo and indie bands.
Glen Moore (born October 28, 1941 in Portland, Oregon) is a jazz bassist who occasionally performs on piano, flute and violin. His performing career began at age 14 with the Young Oregonians in Portland, Oregon where he met and played with Native American saxophonist, Jim Pepper. He graduated with a degree in History and Literature from the University of Oregon. His formal bass instruction started after college with Jerome Magil in Portland, James Harnett in Seattle, Gary Karr in New York, Plough Christenson in Copenhagen, Ludwig Streicher in Vienna and Francois Rabbath in Hawaii. For the past 30 years, Glen has played a Klotz bass fiddle crafted in Tyrol circa 1715 on which he has made extensive use of a unique tuning with both a low and high C string. Moore is a founding member of Oregon, but worked also regularly with Rabih Abou-Khalil, Nancy King and Larry Karush.
Marine Air Support Squadron 2 (MASS-2), is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit that provides the Direct Air Support Center (DASC) for the III Marine Expeditionary Force. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan.
George Remus was a famous Cincinnati lawyer and bootlegger during the prohibition era. It has been claimed that he was the inspiration for the title character Jay Gatsby in The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Mark James Herrmann is a former professional football player, a quarterback in the NFL. He was Associate Director of Educational Programs for the NCAA, before budget cutbacks. However, he is best known for his college career with the Purdue Boilermakers. He is a broadcaster for local football after serving on the Colts broadcast crew for nearly a decade. Herrmann grew up in Carmel, Indiana, where he played for Carmel High School. He also played on Carmel's state championship basketball team in 1977.
Lance Robert Blankenship (Born December 6, 1963) in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, is a retired Major League Baseball utility player. Blankenship played his entire career with the Oakland Athletics (1988-1993) after the A's drafted him in the 10th round of the 1986 MLB amateur draft. He made his Major League Baseball debut on September 4, 1988, and played his final game on August 15, 1993. His career concluded with a regular season .222 batting average, 9 home runs, 92 runs batted in, and 54 stolen bases. Blankenship played for the Athletics in two World Series. He was a member of the A's team that swept the San Francisco Giants in the 1989 World Series and the A's team that lost to the Cincinnati Reds in the 1990 World Series. In 5 postseason series, Blankenship tallied a career postseason .250 batting average with 4 runs scored and 2 stolen bases. Blankenship was given a nickname by ESPN broadcaster Chris Berman: Lance \"you sunk my\" Blankenship.
Robert F. Stryker (November 9, 1944-November 7, 1967) was a United States Army soldier awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Vietnam War. The Army Stryker vehicle is named in his and PFC Stuart S. Stryker's honor. He is buried in Pine Hill Cemetery Throop, New York.
Stuart S. Stryker (October 30, 1924\u2013March 24, 1945) was a United States Army soldier awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War II. The Stryker vehicle is named in honor of both him and fellow Medal of Honor recipient Robert F. Stryker. Stryker is buried at Golden Gate National Cemetery in San Bruno, California.
The Kominas are a Desi taqwacore punk band from Boston, MA.
Michael Redman (born April 15, 1945) is an American singer who was a member of television's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1980 to 1982 as part of the trio Gail, Ron and Michael. Michael was born in Portland, Oregon, and graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in performing arts and literature. He did voice work for famous cartoons including The Flintstones and Yogi Bear. Later he appeared on television shows such as The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour, Happy Days, Sonny and Cher and Donny and Marie. He also appeared as a singer on Johnny Mann's Stand Up and Cheer show. As a vocalist, he also performed and recorded with notable artists such as Barbra Streisand, Frank Sinatra, Henry Mancini and Barry Manilow. It was Tom Netherton who recommended Michael for Gail and Ron's trio on the Welk show in 1980. Today, Michael still performs with the trio. His recent projects include a new album titled Michael Redman \u2014 Yesterday and Today and vocal work for the Walt Disney film A Perfect Harmony. Michael has a wife, Cinda and two children, Melissa and Jennifer.
Private First Class William Bernard Baugh (July 7, 1930 &ndash; November 29, 1950) was a United States marine who, at age 20, received the Medal of Honor in Korea for sacrificing his life to save his Marine comrades. The nation\u2019s highest decoration for valor was presented to the young Marine for extraordinary heroism on November 29, 1950, between Koto-ri and Hagaru-ri, when he protected the members of his squadron from a grenade by smothering it with his body.
Corporal Lewis Kenneth Bausell (April 17, 1924 \u2013 September 18, 1944) was a United States Marine and posthumous recipient of the United States' highest military honor \u2014 the Medal of Honor \u2014 for his sacrifice of life, \"above and beyond the call of duty\", during World War II. During combat at Peleliu, he covered an exploding Japanese hand grenade in order to protect his comrades, and died of his wounds three days later. Bausell was the only enlisted Marine from the Nation's capital, Washington, D.C. to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions during World War II.
Edwin Henry Fitler (December 2, 1825, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania \u2013 May 31, 1896, Torresdale, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a Pennsylvania manufacturer and politician. A Republican, he served as Presidential Elector for Pennsylvania in 1876 and mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1887\u20131891. Fitler died in 1896 in Philadelphia, where he is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery. Fitler Square in Philadelphia is named in his honor.
Bernard \"Barney\" Samuel (1880\u20131954) was a Pennsylvania politician. A Republican, he served as mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1941\u20131952. He won election to City Council in 1923. He became President Pro Tem. of City Council in 1939 when George Connell, then President of City Council, became acting Mayor upon the death of S. Davis Wilson. On 1 January 1940, Samuel was elected President of City Council, a position he held officially over the next four years, but not exercised after the death of Mayor Robert Eneas Lamberton in August 1941, for Samuel then occupied the Mayor's office throughout the remainder of Lamberton's term. Samuel won election to the Mayor's office in 1943 and 1947, defeating Democrats William C. Bullitt and Richardson Dilworth respectively, to become the first multi-term mayor since William S. Stokley (term 1872\u20131881). His mayoralty spanned the longest continual term in Philadelphia's history. It is an irony of history that in defending the political machine he served, Mayor Samuel set the stage for reform by endorsing the creation of a City Planning Commission and by supporting the Better Philadelphia Exhibition, a landmark in the city's history that threw the failures of the complacent ruling regime in City Hall under harsh scrutiny. Samuel was succeeded by the reformers, Mayors Joseph Sill Clark and Richardson Dilworth. He remains the last Republican to have been elected mayor of Philadelphia (in 1948). He is buried at Arlington Cemetery in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania
First Lieutenant George Ham Cannon, USMC, (November 5, 1915 \u2013 December 7, 1941) was the first U.S. Marine in World War II to receive the nation's highest military award &mdash; the Medal of Honor. He posthumously received the medal for \"distinguished conduct in the line of his profession, extraordinary courage, and disregard of his own condition\" during the bombardment of Midway Island by Japanese forces on December 7, 1941. He remained at his Command Post despite being mortally wounded by enemy shell fire. He refused to be evacuated until his men who had been wounded by the same shell were evacuated, and he continued to directed the reorganization of his Command Post until forcibly removed. He refused medical attention until he was assured communications were restored to his Command Post. As a result of his utter disregard of his own condition, he later died from loss of blood.
Bruce Wayne Carter (May 7, 1950&ndash;August 7, 1969) was a United States Marine who was killed in action during the Vietnam War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism. In August 1969, his unit was under heavy fire when a grenade landed between him and his fellow Marines &mdash; Carter threw himself on the grenade, sacrificing his life to save the lives of others.
Patrick Keeler is an American rock music drummer from Cincinnati, who best known for playing in The Greenhornes and The Raconteurs. He plays with a traditional grip.
The Running of the Brides is a local tradition that has taken place since 1947 at Filene's Basement in downtown Boston that has held a one-day sale of wedding gowns, garnering local media attention because of the sight of hundreds of brides-to-be scrambling for bargains. The store stocks thousands of gowns for that day, and marks them down drastically. Prospective brides, and their hovering mothers, line up the night before the doors open at 6 a. m to join in the rush. In the first few minutes, most of the dresses are taken off the racks by the patrons, some of whom try them on in the aisles. Bartering is not uncommon. The gowns are not returnable.
Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Training Squadron 253 (VMGRT 253) was based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, and responsible for providing the Fleet Marine Force active-duty and reserve KC-130 squadrons with qualified replacement pilots and enlisted aircrew. Known as the \"Titans\", VMGRT-253 was a subordinate unit of Marine Aircraft Group 14, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 463 (HMH-463) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53D Sea Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, also known as \"Pegasus\", is based at Marine Corps Air Facility Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 24 (MAG-24) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW). The squadron is set to be placed in cadre status in 2012 and then be reactivated in 2016 after having transitioned to the CH-53K.
Jason Dunham (November 10, 1981 &ndash; April 22, 2004) was a Corporal in the United States Marine Corps who served with 4th Platoon, Company K, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment (3/7), 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. While fighting with his unit in Karabilah, Iraq, an enemy soldier threw a grenade that landed next to him. Rather than allow the grenade to explode and kill or injure not only himself but several other Marines in the area he sacrificed himself and dove on top of the grenade. When it exploded Dunham was seriously injured and died eight days later. On November 10, 2006, at the dedication of the National Museum of the Marine Corps, President George W. Bush announced that Dunham would be awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on April 14, 2004 near Husaybah, Iraq. Dunham became the first Marine to receive the Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq, and the first Marine to receive the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War.
Ronald Leroy Coker (August 9, 1947&ndash;March 24, 1969) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam in March 1969.
Clarence Edwin Ayres (May 6, 1891 \u2013 July 24, 1972) was the principal thinker in the Texas school of Institutional Economics, during the middle of the 20th century.
The Boston Brahmin accent is a New England accent associated with the Boston Brahmin. Users include the characters Charles Emerson Winchester on M*A*S*H, Walter Gaines on Cheers, and George Feeny on Boy Meets World.
John Swift (27 June 1790, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania \u2013 9 June 1873, Philadelphia) was an American lawyer and politician and long-time Mayor of Philadelphia. He was admitted to the bar in 1810. He was a leader of the Whigs of Philadelphia and served as mayor 1832\u20131838, 1839\u20131841, and 1845\u20131849. In 1840, Swift became the first mayor to be elected in popular elections. He is buried at Christ Church Burial Ground.
Corporal Anthony Peter Damato (March 22, 1922&ndash;February 20, 1944) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his valor and sacrifice of life during World War II. Damoto was serving with an assault company of the 2nd Battalion, 22nd Marines, 5th Amphibious Corps, on Engebi Island, Eniwetok Atoll, Marshall Islands when on the night of 19-February 20, 1944, while in a foxhole with two companions, he threw himself upon an enemy grenade, absorbing the explosion in his body. He was instantly killed.
The Birdwatchers were a garage rock pop band active in the 1960s in the Miami area. The band dabbled with an Everly Brothers sound in their early career (1964), even releasing a version of \"Wake Up Little Susie\" on Tara, a local Florida label. During 1966-67, the band released 5 garage-pop 45s on the Mala and Laurie labels, in addition to local releases on the Tara, Marlin and Scott labels. Most of these featured the vocals of Sammy Hall. Despite national TV exposure on teen shows such as Where The Action Is, the most the band ever made it on the charts was #125 on Billboard's Bubbling Under Charts in September 1966 with \"I'm Gonna Love you Anyway. \" As evidence of their local popularity another of their records made Billboard's Regional Breakout Charts for Miami peaking at #3 locally in April 1966. The band also appeared in the 1967 film, Wild Rebels - a local Miami, Fla. , production.
Lieutenant Colonel Aquilla James \"Jimmie\" Dyess (January 11, 1909 &ndash; February 2, 1944) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was a posthumous recipient of the Medal of Honor for \"conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life\" at the head of his troops during World War II in the Battle of Kwajalein, on Namur Island, Kwajalein Atoll, Marshall Islands on February 2, 1944.
The Green Party of Ontario fielded several candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Private First Class Harold Gonsalves (January 28, 1926-April 15, 1945) was a United States Marine who sacrificed his life to save fellow Marines in the Battle of Okinawa during World War II. For his heroism on this occasion, he was posthumously awarded the highest military honor of the United States &mdash; the Medal of Honor.
Archibald Mathies (June 3, 1918 \u2013 February 20, 1944) was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor as an enlisted member of the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 273 (MWSS 273) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina. The squadron falls under the command of Marine Wing Support Group 27 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 271 (MWSS 271) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. The squadron falls under the command of Marine Wing Support Group 27 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 272 (MWSS 272) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina. The squadron, nicknamed \"The Untouchables,\" falls under the command of Marine Wing Support Group 27 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Carleton East was a provincial electoral district (or riding) in Ontario, Canada. It was created for the 1967 election and was abolished in 1998 into Carleton\u2014Gloucester and Ottawa\u2014Vanier. From 1986 until its abolition in 1998, the riding included most of the (now former) City of Gloucester, except the area north of Leitrim Road between Limebank Road and Conroy Road and the area north of the Queensway and west of Blair Road. Carleton East also included the (now former) Village of Rockcliffe Park and the City of Ottawa north of Montreal Road and east of Rockcliffe Park.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 371 (MWSS 371) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona. The squadron is part of Marine Wing Support Group 37 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 374 (MWSS 374) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California. The squadron is part of Marine Wing Support Group 37 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 171 (MWSS 171) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Known as \"America's Squadron\", they are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan. The squadron is part of Marine Wing Support Group 17 and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Wing Support Squadron 172 (MWSS 172) is an aviation ground support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the \"Firebirds\", they are based out of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan. The squadron is part of Marine Wing Support Group 17 and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Chatham\u2014Kent was a provincial electoral district (or riding) in Ontario, Canada. It existed from the 1967 election until it was abolished into Lambton\u2014Kent\u2014Middlesex and Chatham-Kent\u2014Essex in 1998. From the 1987 election until its abolishment in 1999 the riding included the (now former) municipalities of Dover Township, Chatham Township, Camden Township, Zone Township, the towns of Wallaceburg, Dresden and Bothwell plus the city of Chatham.
Burn Season was a four-piece hard rock music group from Jacksonville, Florida. They were signed to Bieler Bros. Records. Bobby Amaru went on to form his own band \"Amaru\".
Arts Center is an underground MARTA rail station with a central island. The station consists of four levels: the platform level, the mezzanine level with faregates facing onto West Peachtree Street, the bus level with a bus terminal, and the upper level which is located across the street from the Woodruff Arts Center. This is the ninth-busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 14,500 boardings per weekday. Just north of the station is the provision for the northwest line, consisting of stub tunnels and space for track switches. Originally planned to go to Marietta, it had to be canceled when Cobb County failed to approve the 1% MARTA sales tax in the 1970s referendum. The stub line could have been extended one station westward to the new Atlantic Station redevelopment, connecting under the Downtown Connector. However, GDOT instead built 17th Street and its bridge over the freeway to have right-hand (outside-lane) bus lanes to accommodate a free shuttle operated by the developer, so there is no train station within reasonable walking distance of Atlantic Station's skyscrapers to connect it directly (without a transfer) to the rest of the city. In addition to this connection, there are also connections to the bus-only public transport systems in the northwest and northeast suburbs of metro Atlanta: Cobb Community Transit and even Gwinnett County Transit (though there are several closer stations to Gwinnett County). GRTA Xpress buses also connect here.
Midtown is an underground MARTA rail station with two side platforms located in Midtown Atlanta. As of April 2006, 4,085 daily fares were collected at the gates.
North Avenue is an underground station with two side platforms, named after the nearby North Avenue. The walls are made of white tile and painted with a mural of green hills, a blue sky, and clouds. It is the seventh busiest station in the system with an average of 15,000 boardings per weekday. The station has a direct entrance to the AT&amp;T Midtown Center and is actually located in the skyscraper's basement.
Civic Center is a subway station on the Red and Gold Lines of the MARTA subway system. As of April 2006, 2,293 daily fares were collected at the gates. This was a 111% increase over the average 1,086 daily fares collected in April 2005.
Peachtree Center station is the deepest station in the MARTA rail system, at 120 feet or 36 meters below Peachtree Street. It serves the Peachtree Center area of downtown Atlanta, and is the first station north-northeast of the rail system hub at Five Points. This is the fifth-busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 17,800 boardings per weekday and as of April 2006, 7,155 daily fares were collected at the gates. The station has an island platform serving two tracks. The floor is made of gray tile, the \"walls\" are made of solid gneiss rock, and the ceiling panels are made of steel. Four escalator banks are used to access the station, with the Carnegie Way/Ellis Street (southwest) entrance having the longest escalators in the system, which MARTA claims are also the longest in the Southeast U.S.. The Harris Street (northwest) entrance has a map of the MARTA system with proposed lines on it. The station was featured in the 1985 movie The Heavenly Kid.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 312 (VMFA-312) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Also known as the \"Checkerboards\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Clearwater was a provincial electoral district in Northern Alberta from 1913 to 1926.
John B. Callahan is the mayor of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Lindbergh Center station is in the southern section of Buckhead. This is the last transfer point for the Red (North Springs) and Gold (Doraville) rail lines. This is the second busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 23,400 boardings per weekday. It is important to the MARTA system for a number of reasons. It is adjacent to their headquarters building, located just north of the Armour Yard Rail Services Facility (opened in 2005), which allows trains to come into service at a more central location than was previously possible, and at an important junction point for the future Belt Line. On the first floor of the headquarters building is the MARTA Ridestore.
The Manitoba Liberal Party field many candidates in the 1977 federal election. One of its candidates was elected: Lloyd Axworthy, later a federal cabinet minister. The party's leader, Charles Huband, was defeated in his constituency. Some candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found on this page.
Five Points station is the transfer point between the North-South (Red &amp; Gold) and East-West (Blue &amp; Green) Lines for the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority system and is considered its hub.
Georgia State is a station in the MARTA rail system located in the eastern part of Downtown Atlanta. The station is located within the James H. Floyd State Office Building and was constructed concurrently with the building in the late 1970s. The station has exits located on Piedmont Avenue and Jesse Hill Jr. Drive (formerly Butler Street).
15\u201316th &amp; Locust is a PATCO subway station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is the last stop on the line which originates in Lindenwold, New Jersey. The station is connected by an underground walkway to the Walnut-Locust Station of SEPTA's Broad Street Line, the 12\u201313th &amp; Locust PATCO station, and City Hall.
12\u201313th &amp; Locust is a PATCO subway station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The station is connected by an underground walkway to the Walnut-Locust Station of SEPTA's Broad Street Line, the 15\u201316th &amp; Locust PATCO station, and City Hall.
Decatur is a station in the MARTA rail system in the heart of Decatur, Georgia. It Serves Downtown Decatur, South Decatur, and South Dekalb. In 2005, a major renovation of the Church Street entrance to the station was begun that was completed in 2006. The redesign was intended to allow the station to fit in better with the stores and restaurants in the Decatur square. It Provides bus service to South Dekalb Mall, North Dekalb Mall, Agnes Scott College, Georgia Perimeter College-Decatur, Dekalb Medical Center, and the Veterans Administration Hospital.
Doraville is the terminus of the MARTA gold rail line, located in Doraville, Georgia. It is an elevated station served with an island platform between two tracks. It serves the Doraville area and while the station is the last on the Northeast Line, the tracks continue over a bridge spanning I-285 stopping just short of the Gwinnett line, about three miles south of Norcross square. This bridge serves as the Doraville rail yard for the northeast line, with a capacity of 30 rail cars.
Avondale station serves the town of Avondale Estates, Georgia, although it is not in Avondale Estates city limits. The station is located at the southern end of the Decatur Heights neighborhood in Decatur, Georgia. From 1979 to 1993, this was the terminus of the East Line. This station has free parking (823 spaces) available on E. College Avenue. It is also home to the Avondale Yard, a train yard used to service, clean, store, and test the fleet of rolling stock it services. Also in close range is Laredo Bus Facility, a counterpart to the Avondale Yard in which MARTAs Bus Fleet are serviced, cleaned, stored, and tested. Connecting Bus Service to: Emory, Dekalb Medical Center, Dekalb Technical College, Georgia Perimeter College, Georgia Department of Labor, Open Campus High School, Dekalb Farmers Market, Northlake Mall, North Dekalb Mall, Emory-Northlake Regional Hospital, Avondale Estates, Tucker, and The City of Stone Mountain.
The Manitoba Liberal Party fielded several candidates in the 1973 provincial election, and elected five candidates to emerge as the third-largest party in the legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Robert Henry Jenkins, Jr. (June 1, 1948&ndash;March 5, 1969) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam in March 1969. He attended Oak Grove Elementary School from 1955 until 1963, and Central Academy High School from 1963 until 1967 in Palatka, Florida.
Edgewood/Candler Park is a station in the MARTA rail system adjacent to the Candler Park and Edgewood neighborhoods on either sides of the Georgia Railroad. As of April 2006 1,570 daily fares were collected at the gates. 679 parking spaces area available for commuters. The station is the eastern terminus of the Green Line (formerly called the Proctor Creek Line).
King Memorial is a station in the MARTA rail system near Oakland Cemetery and the 2006 development at Capitol Gateway. The station name is a portmanteau of Martin Luther King and nearby Memorial Drive.
Ralph Henry Johnson (January 1, 1949&ndash;March 5, 1968) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in March 1968 during the Vietnam War. When a hand grenade was thrown into his fighting hole, he immediately covered it with his body &mdash; absorbing the full impact of the blast &mdash; sacrificing his life to save a fellow Marine and preventing the enemy from penetrating his patrol perimeter.
Buckhead is a below ground station in the MARTA rail system. It is located in the median of State Route 400, a limited access highway, at Peachtree Road. The station is in easy walking distance of many Buckhead hotels and shopping centers, including Lenox Square, although the Lenox MARTA station provides easier access to the mall. The buc, a zero-fare bus service, also provides transportation to the surrounding area. As of April 2006 2,553 daily fares were collected at the gates.
Lenox is a station in the MARTA rail system. It is an underground station that provides access to Lenox Square mall.
West End is a station in the MARTA rail system servicing the West End and most of Southwest Atlanta, including neighborhoods bordering Cascade Road and Metropolitan Parkway. This is the sixth busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 17,400 boardings per weekday.
Platoon Sergeant Joseph Rudolph Julian (April 3, 1918-March 9, 1945) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military honor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroism and sacrifice of life in 1945 in the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II.
Louis DeLuca (born August 17, 1933 in Everett, Massachusetts) is a retired businessman and a Republican Party politician in the United States. He served as the state senator for the 32nd District of Connecticut until November 30, 2007.
Edwin Joseph Hill posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1941.
Brookhaven/Oglethorpe is a station in the MARTA rail system. It is an above-ground station that provides access to the Brookhaven area and is a mile south of Oglethorpe University.
Chamblee is a station in the MARTA rail system of Atlanta. It is an above-ground station that provides access to the Chamblee, Georgia, area.
Robert A. Havern III (July 17, 1949-)(Democrat) is a Massachusetts politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and who represented the Fourth Middlesex District in the Massachusetts State Senate from 1991 to 2007.
Oakland City is a station in the MARTA rail system. It is located on the border of the Oakland City and Capitol View neighborhoods in Atlanta. Like the West End Station, it also serves many neighborhoods in Southwest Atlanta, including those on Campbellton Road, Sylvan Road &amp; Dill Ave.
East Point is a station in the MARTA rail system, located in East Point, Georgia, USA.
Lakewood/Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson (an army base which is slated to be closed by the 2005 BRAC), and Aaron's Amphitheatre at Lakewood. The current name is also taken from Lakewood Freeway later renamed to Langford Parkway.
College Park is a station in the MARTA rail system. This is the fourth busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 18,300 boardings per weekday.
Kensington station serves a central part of DeKalb County, Georgia, it is located On Memorial Drive and Kensington Road near The Kensington Office Park and in walking distance away from the Dekalb County Sheriffs Headquarters and Jail. This station mainly serves residents of Stone Mountain, and Lithonia; due to the distance from the corresponding cities it serves with bus service, it is the busiest station on the East-line. This is the eighth busiest station in the MARTA system whole, handling an average of 14,600 boardings per weekday. 1,946 parking spaces are available on site to commuters. It Provides Connecting Bus Service to The Mountain Industrial Business District, Dekalb Technical College, Georgia Department of Labor, GRTA/Panola Park-Ride, Stone Mountain Park, Avondale Estates, Emory, Lithonia and Dekalb Lou Walker Center.
Indian Creek station serves a portion of DeKalb County, Georgia just outside of Interstate 285. It Serves The City Of Lithonia, Stone Mountain, and Decatur. As the eastern terminus for the Blue Line, it primarily serves commuters who take advantage of the free daily parking and ride into Atlanta-proper. As a terminus it is one of the busiest train station in the systems. It provides Connecting bus service to The City of Lithonia, The Mall at Stonecrest, Hillandale Dekalb Medical Center and GRTA/Panola Park-Ride.
Bankhead is an above-ground station in the MARTA rail system and the western terminus of the Green Line (Formerly called the Proctor Creek Line). Unlike most MARTA stations, which are provisioned for eight rail cars, Bankhead can accommodate only two cars, with adequate space left in place to allow extension to four cars in the future. The area it serves is scheduled to be an important part of the Belt Line, near Maddox Park and the new Westside Park, which would be the largest park in the city of Atlanta. As of April 2006 2,310 daily fares were collected at the gates. MARTA recently announced a proposal to change the name of Bankhead station to Donald Lee Hollowell Station, reflecting the new name of Bankhead Highway.
West Lake is a ground-level station in the MARTA rail system. It serves the area near Westview Cemetery. The station is located between West Lake &amp; Anderson Avenues in West Atlanta. As of April 2006 2,448 daily fares were collected at the gates. 338 parking spaces are available on site.
H.E. Holmes is an above-ground station in the MARTA rail system, and the western terminus for the Blue Line. This is the third-busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 22,000 boardings per weekday. When the station opened in 1979 it was originally named Hightower station after Hightower Road, but both the road and the station were later renamed to honor civil-rights hero Hamilton E. Holmes. The station serves areas near the junction of Interstate 20 and Georgia 280 east of Adamsville. Because this is mainly a park-and-ride station, 1,426 spaces are located on site.
Medical Center is a ground-level subway station in the MARTA rail system. It serves Northside Hospital (the country's busiest birthplace), St. Joseph's Hospital, and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta at Scottish Rite. As of April 2006, 1,943 daily fares were collected at the gates.
Sandy Springs is a below-ground train station in the MARTA rail system. It serves the Perimeter Center area, including high-rise office parks near Georgia 400 and Abernathy Road, north of Perimeter Mall and within the recently-incorporated city of Sandy Springs. The Art Institute of Atlanta is also located near this station. As of April 2006, 2,211 daily fares were collected at the gates. It is adjacent to a large shopping complex that includes a multiplex movie theater, the only MARTA station to have one so close.
North Springs is an elevated station in the MARTA rail system and a terminus for the Red Line. Located in the northern part of Sandy Springs, Georgia, it serves primarily as a commuter station with a large parking deck for Atlanta workers that live in Roswell, Alpharetta and other towns north on State Route 400. North Springs has a direct exit from southbound Georgia 400 and a direct entrance to northbound Georgia 400, allowing northern commuters direct access to the station without having to use surface streets. There is also a surface street entrance for nearby residents. Commuters who enter the station from Georgia 400 south must exit to Georgia 400 north, and local commuters entering from Peachtree Dunwoody Road must exit to Peachtree Dunwoody Road.
Thomas James Reeves, born in Thomaston, Connecticut, December 9, 1895, was a US Navy radioman who became the namesake of the destroyer escort USS Reeves. Reeves was killed during the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor and was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
John Locke (1764\u20141855), was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts. He was born in Hopkinton, Middlesex County, and attended Andover Academy and Dartmouth College, eventually graduating from Harvard University in 1792. He was admitted to the Massachusetts bar and began practicing law in Ashby in 1796.
Howard Walter Gilmore (September 29, 1902 \u2013 February 7, 1943) was a submarine commander in the United States Navy who was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic self-sacrifice during World War II.
Ilex guayusa, commonly known as \"guayusa\" or \"wayusa\" (prounced \"why-you-suh\"), is an Amazonian tree of the holly genus, native to the Ecuadorian Amazon Rainforest. \u201CThe Jivaro say guayusa is so habituating that before it is offered to a visitor, she is warned that once she drinks it, she will ever after return to the Ecuadorian Jungle\u201D - Michael Harner
Lam Research Corporation engages in the design, manufacture, marketing, and service of semiconductor processing equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits. Its products include etch systems, including dielectric etch products, conductor etch products, and resist strip products, as well as synergy cleaning products. The company markets its products and services primarily to companies involved in the production of semiconductors in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, Korea, and Japan. Lam Research Corporation was founded in 1980 by Dr. David K. Lam and is headquartered in Fremont, California.
Veterans Stadium (full name Veterans Memorial Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium in New Britain, Connecticut. Opened in 1982, it is dedicated to the soldiers of the city who lost their lives in various U.S. wars, particularly Vietnam. The stadium is used mostly by New Britain High School, and some other area schools, for football and soccer games. It also hosts the Connecticut Crush of the National Women's Football Association. The stadium was also home to the Connecticut Wolves team of the United Soccer Leagues before that team folded in 2002. The stadium is an 8-lane oval track around a regulation-size football field. The track was dedicated to coach Irving S. Black in April 1992. Seating is all in metal bleachers, with 7 sections of 27 rows each on either side of the field. The estimated capacity is 8,448. The stadium is owned by the City of New Britain, and is part of Willow Brook Park. Also located in the complex are two baseball fields, New Britain Stadium and Beehive Field. It most famously hosted the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup semifinals game between the Carolina Railhawks and the New England Revolution on September 4, 2007 in which New England won 2-1 to advance to the finals, where they eventually defeated FC Dallas for the Dewar Cup. New England would return to Veterans Stadium on July 1, 2008 to defeat the Richmond Kickers 3-0 in the 3rd round of the 2008 U.S. Open Cup. New England would return again on July 8, 2008 to play Crystal Palace Baltimore in the quarterfinal round. After 90 minutes of play and a half hour of overtime, with the score 1-1, New England midfielder Mauricio Castro scored the Rev's 5th penalty kick out of five, winning the game on penalty kick on a score of 5-3. The New England Revolution are now 3-1-0 at Veterans Stadium after their 2-1 Open Cup loss to Harrisburg City Islanders on June 30, 2009 .
Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Storrs, Connecticut. It was primarily used for American football, and was the home field of the University of Connecticut football team between 1953 and 2002, before the opening of Rentschler Field. The stadium holds 16,200 people and was built in 1953. It is now being expanded into a soccer venue for the UConn Huskies to play in. They formerly played on a field with bleachers.
Herbert A. Littleton (July 1, 1930 - April 22, 1951) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for falling on a grenade during the Korean War.
Corporal David Bernard Champagne (November 13, 1932 &ndash; May 28, 1952) was the 29th U.S. Marine to be awarded the Medal of Honor during the Korean War, at the sacrifice of his life.
George Watson (died March 8, 1943) was a private in the United States Army who was killed in action during World War II. He was one of seven African American soldiers to be awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions during World War II, and the only one of the seven to earn his medal while serving in the Pacific Theater.
Private First Class Gary Wayne Martini (September 21, 1948&ndash;April 21, 1967) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for heroism in April 1967 during the Vietnam War.
Master Sergeant Chester Melvin Ovnand (September 8, 1914 - July 8, 1959) is listed on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial as the second American killed in the Vietnam War. MSGT Ovnand (also called Charles Ovnand, but listed on the wall as Chester) is from Copperas Cove, Texas. Army records conflict as to what his actual name was&mdash;Charles Melvin Ovnand or Chester Melvin Ovnard&mdash;though that the latter appears on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial is possibly an indication of general consensus among the Memorial's planners. His name is misspelled on the wall as Chester N. Ovnard. He and Dale R. Buis were killed at Bien Hoa, 20 miles northeast of Saigon. He was part of the Military Assistance Advisory Group sent to train the South Vietnam army. The Vietcong attacked while the two were in a mess hall watching a movie.
U.S. Army Major Dale Richard Buis (August 29, 1921 \u2013 July 8, 1959) used to be the first name listed on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Buis originally hailed from Pender, Nebraska, and graduated from Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri. He was part of the Military Assistance Advisory Group sent in 1955 to train South Vietnam troops. He and Chester Charles Ovnand were killed at Bien Hoa, 20 miles northeast of Saigon. The Vietcong ambushed the mess hall while the American officers were watching a movie.
Crix Crax Crux is the name of a band. The band releases albums on Frigital Records. The band's sound is often described as minimalist lo-fi garage, or dream pop. Their second album, Camel &amp; Needle, was released in 2005.
No\u00EBl Regney (August 19, 1922 - November 22, 2002), WWII veteran and French songwriter, composed the Christmas standard \"Do You Hear What I Hear?\" with his then-wife Gloria Shayne Baker in 1962. Originally from Alsace, France, he moved to New York City and then eventually Connecticut where he lived out the remainder of his life. He is survived by his three children, Paul, Gabrielle, Matthieu, his ex-wife Dominique. He was born L\u00E9on Schlienger in Strasbourg, Alsace, France. L\u00E9on Schlienger, written backwards= No\u00EBl Regnei (-lhcS. dropping \"lhcS\"replacing i by y)= No\u00EBl Regney. He grew up Catholic, but later became a Unitarian Universalist. He was drafted into the Nazi army despite being a Frenchman like many other \"Malgr\u00E9-nous\". As an Alsatian, he spoke the German dialect that Alsatian is as fluently as French. It is said that he soon deserted, joined a group of French Resistance fighters, and became a double agent working for the French. He led a party of Nazis into an ambush, was shot in the arm, but survived. Eventually, while touring the USA, accompanying Lucienne Boyer, contemporary of \u00C9dith Piaf, he met his first wife pianist /composer Gloria Shayne with whom in 1963, he composed the famous Christmas song\" Do You Hear What I Hear\". In addition to \"Do You Hear What I Hear?\", Regney and Shayne composed \"Rain, Rain, Go Away,\" \"Sweet Little Darlin',\" \"Goodbye, Cruel World\" (Recorded by James Darren in 1961) and \"What's The Use Of Crying. \" He wrote the English lyrics for The Singing Nun (Soeur Sourire)\" famous song: \"Dominique\", the very name of his second wife Dominique Gillain. Together they had a son Matthieu born 1982\". Regney wrote the Book and Music for a Musical Biography of French writer \"Colette\" as well as other musicals: \"Merrimount\", \" Landsake\". No\u00EBl died November 22, 2002, in Brewster, New York, of complications from Pick's disease. Knew composers Darius Milhaud and Arthur Honegger; studied with Olivier Messian; may have studied with Honegger. Worked at the Lido, in Paris; was an accompanist of Lucienne Boyer.
First Lieutenant Thomas Meehan III (July 8, 1921 \u2013 June 6, 1944) was a commissioned officer with Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in the 101st Airborne Division of the United States Army during World War II. Meehan was portrayed in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers by Jason O'Mara.
Roy Mitchell Wheat (July 24, 1947&ndash; August 11, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam in August 1967.
Ixil is a Mayan language. It is the primary language of the Ixil Triangle -- the three villages of San Juan Cotzal, Santa Maria Nebaj, and San Gaspar Chajul -- in the highlands of Guatemala. Possibly it is three different languages.
Achi' (or Ach\u00ED in the Spanish spelling) is a Mayan language very closely related to K'iche' (Quich\u00E9 in the older orthography). It is spoken by the Achi people, primarily in the department of Baja Verapaz in Guatemala. There are two Achi' dialects. Cubulco Achi' is spoken by approximately 48,000 people in the Cubulco area west of Rabinal. Rabinal Achi' is spoken by approximately 37,000 people in the Rabinal area. One of the masterpieces of precolumbian literature is the Rabinal Ach\u00ED, a theatrical play written in the Achi language.
Awakatek is a Mayan language spoken in primarily Huehuetenango, Guatemala in and around Aguacat\u00E1n. It is a living language with some 18,000 speakers. Awakatek is closely related to Ixil and the two languages together form the sub-branch Ixilean, which together with the Mamean languages, Mam and Tektitek, form a sub-branch Greater-Mamean, which again, together with the Greater-Quichean languages, ten Mayan languages, including K'iche', form the branch Quichean-Mamean. The Awakatek people themselves refer to their language as qa'yol, literally meaning our word.
Itza' (also Itza, Pet\u00E9n Itz\u00E1 Maya) is one of the Yucatecan branch of the Mayan languages. The other languages in the Yucatecan branch are Yucatec, Lakantun, and Mopan. Today, it is spoken only by a few elderly adults in communities to the north of Lake Pet\u00E9n Itz\u00E1 in northern Guatemala. It is nearly extinct. The Itza ethnic group now almost all speak Spanish, and are not fluent in Itza.
Mopan is a language that belongs to the Yucatecan branch of the Mayan languages. It is spoken by the Mopan people. It is spoken in Belize and Guatemala. The other Yucatecan languages are Yucatec, Lacandon (Lakantun), and Itza.
The Tektitek language (Tectiteco, Teco, or B'a'aj) is a member of the Quichean-Mamean branch of the Mayan language family. It is very closely related to the Mam language. Tektikek is spoken by the Tektitek people, which are primarily settled in the municipality of Tectit\u00E1n, department of Huehuetenango. A number of Tektitek speakers have settled in Mexico.
Casey Jones is a straight edge hardcore band from Jacksonville, Florida. The band consists of members from Evergreen Terrace and Anchors Away and is currently signed to Eulogy Records.
The Puppies is a child hip hop duo composed of brother and sister Calvin \"Big Boy\" Mills and Tamara \"Dee\" Mills. Specializing in Miami bass music, the duo released two albums and scored one Top 40 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, \"Funky Y-2-C\".
Gargamel! is an American rock band from Orlando, Florida. Their music has its foundations in funk metal, but this is frequently combined with widely divergent styles, often to comic effect. Gargamel! is always spelled with an exclamation point.
Ballard MacDonald (October 15, 1882 \u2013 November 17, 1935) was a Tin Pan Alley lyricist. Born in Portland, Oregon, among his credits are: Beautiful Ohio, Rose of Washington Square, Second Hand Rose, Parade of the Wooden Soldiers, Back Home Again in Indiana, The Trail of the Lonesome Pine, Play That Barbershop Chord, Clap Hands, Here Comes Charlie!, Somebody Loves Me, Bend Down, Sister, Down in Bom Bombay and On the Mississippi. He was a charter member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP). He died in Forest Hills, New York.
The Boston Modern Orchestra Project (BMOP) is a full professional orchestra in Boston, Massachusetts, and is widely recognized as the premiere orchestra in the United States dedicated exclusively to commissioning, performing, and recording new music of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Founded in 1996 by Artistic Director Gil Rose, BMOP's mission is to illuminate the connections that exist naturally between contemporary music and contemporary society by reuniting composers and audiences in a shared concert experience. In its first twelve seasons alone, BMOP programmed over 80 concerts of contemporary orchestral music; commissioned more than 20 works and presented over 70 world premieres; released 20 CD's; produced the inaugural Ditson Festival of Contemporary Music with the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston; and collaborated with Opera Boston to produce staged performances of contemporary operas including the Opera Unlimited festival of contemporary chamber opera. In addition to its regular season at Boston's Jordan Hall, the orchestra has performed in major venues on both the East and West Coasts and collaborated with internationally based artists and organizations. A perennial winner of the ASCAP Award for Adventurous Programming of Orchestral Music and recipient of the prestigious John S. Edwards Award for Strongest Commitment to New American Music, BMOP has appeared at Tanglewood, the Festival of New American Music (Sacramento, CA), and Music on the Edge (Pittsburgh, PA). In 2008, BMOP launched its signature record label, BMOP/sound, with John Harbison\u2019s ballet \"Ulysses\". Its composer-centric releases focus on orchestral works that are otherwise unavailable in recorded form. The response to the label was immediate and celebratory; its five inaugural releases appeared on the \"Best of 2008\" lists of The New York Times, The Boston Globe, National Public Radio, Time Out New York, Downbeat magazine, and American Record Guide, among others. BMOP/sound has received two Grammy award nominations: in 2009 for its recording of Charles Fussell\u2019s \"Wilde\" symphony for baritone and orchestra (Sanford Sylvan Best Classical Vocal Performance), and in 2010 for its recording of Derek Bermel's \"Voices\" for solo clarinet and orchestra (Best Instrumental Soloist Performance with Orchestra). The New York Times proclaimed, \u201CBMOP/sound is an example of everything done right. \" Additional BMOP recordings are available from Albany, Arsis, Cantaloupe, Centaur, Chandos, ECM, Innova, Naxos, New World, and Oxingale. Composers are at the core of BMOP's mission, and BMOP has hosted a Composer in Residence each season since 2000. In recognition of the importance of this position, Meet the Composer and the League of American Orchestras awarded BMOP one of six three-year Music Alive grants for a collaboration with composer Lisa Bielawa. Dedicated to discovering and advocating for the next generation of composers and audiences, BMOP is committed to encouraging and extending the new music community. Beyond the concert hall, BMOP hosts Club Concerts to bring \"the music formerly known as classical\" to downtown venues, and its in-depth outreach programs provide mentors and workshops for teenage composers in underserved communities. BMOP's greatest strength is the artistic distinction of its musicians and performances. Each season, Gil Rose gathers an orchestra of dynamic and talented young performers, and presents some of the world's top vocal and instrumental soloists. The New York Times says: \"Mr. Rose and his team filled the music with rich, decisive ensemble colors and magnificent solos. These musicians were rapturous - superb instrumentalists at work and play.\"
Dan Curran (born October 28, 1976 in Chelmsford, Massachusetts) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Nashville Kats as a street free agent in 2001. He played college football at New Hampshire. Curran has also been a member of the New Orleans VooDoo, New Orleans Saints, Georgia Force and Seattle Seahawks.
Richard Thomas Shea, Jr. (January 3, 1927 &ndash; July 8, 1953) was a soldier in the United States Army in the Korean War. He was listed as missing in action on July 8, 1953, and was later declared killed in action. Lt. Shea was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously. In 1987, was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame.
William Deane Hawkins (April 18, 1914&ndash;November 21, 1943) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military honor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for heroic actions and sacrifice of life during the World War II Battle of Tarawa.
Sergeant Elbert Luther Kinser (Octobr 21, 1922 - May 4, 1945) was a United States Marine who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions and sacrifice of his life on Okinawa during World War II. The Medal of Honor was presented to Sgt Kinser's parents by MajGen Clifton B. Cates on July 4, 1946 in Greeneville, Tennessee.
Mayfield Fund is one of the oldest venture capital firms in the US, focusing on early-stage to growth-stage investments in information technology companies with a focus on enterprise software, Internet consumer &amp; media services, and communications. The firm was founded in 1969 by Thomas J. Davis, Jr.. Since inception, the firm has raised over $2.8 billion of investor commitments across 13 private equity funds. The firm is headquartered on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California and was one of the earliest venture capital firms to locate in Silicon Valley. Among the firm's most notable investments include Compaq, Silicon Graphics, 3COM, Amgen, Genentech, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Sandisk, Legato Software, Citrix, Advent Software, Vantive, Pure Software, Nuance, Tibco, webMethods, Peribit, Redback Networks, Concur, 3Par and Snapfish. Mayfield is a supporter of the Mayfield Fellows Program at the University of California, Berkeley and Stanford University.
Private First Class John Dury New (August 12, 1924 \u2013 September 25, 1944) was a United States Marine who for his gallantry in action at the cost of his life on Peleliu, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
Jeffries Wyman (August 11, 1814 - September 4, 1874) was an American naturalist and anatomist, born in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. Wyman died in Bethlehem, New Hampshire of a pulmonary hemorrhage.
The Niland Brothers were four American brothers from Tonawanda, New York, serving in the military during World War II. Of the four, two survived the war, but for a time it was believed that only one, Frederick Niland, had survived. Frederick was sent back to the United States to complete his service, and only later learned that his brother Edward, missing and presumed dead, was actually captive in a Japanese POW camp in Burma. Steven Spielberg's film Saving Private Ryan is loosely based on the brothers' story.
Scars of Life or SOL are a five-piece alternative metal band from Pompano Beach, Florida. They began in 2000 but renamed after the lead singer left and became Burning Red.
Fat Jon the Ample Soul Physician (born on August 8th, 1969 as John Marshall) is an American hip hop producer from Cincinnati, Ohio and one of the four members of Five Deez, alongside Pase Rock, Sonic, and Kyle David. He is also credited with some of the music in the anime series Samurai Champloo. Fat Jon currently resides in Germany.
John Lance \"Jack\" Geoghegan, (November 10, 1941 - November 15, 1965) was an infantry lieutenant killed during the Battle of Ia Drang during the Vietnam War.
OCZ Technology is a manufacturer of computer hardware based in San Jose, California, USA. Since entering the memory market in 2000, OCZ has targeted its products primarily at the computer hardware enthusiast market. In addition to its memory business, OCZ sells the Neural Impulse Actuator, DIY laptops (including a DIY netbook), and various computer components. OCZ is best known for their watercooling, aircooling or heatpipe RAM lineup solutions, solid state drives and their power supplies. In the power supply category OCZ also is parent company to PC Power and Cooling which it acquired on May 25th, 2007 . PC Power and Cooling has a 23 year history in the PSU industry and is known for the first CPU cooler, the first PC heat alarm, the first independently-regulated PC power supply, the first redundant power system, the first NVIDIA SLI Certified supply, the first 1000W computer power supply and the first - and still only company - to offer an individual certified test report with each power supply sold. PC Power &amp; Cooling continues to operate separately as a division of OCZ and is located in Carlsbad, CA.
Matthew K. Miller (Born 1949 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American voice actor who is also known as Kermit Miller and Kermit Beachwood.
Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 452 (VMGR-452) is a reserve United States Marine Corps KC-130T squadron. They fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 49 (MAG-49) and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing (4th MAW). The squadron, known as the \"Yankees\", is stationed at Stewart Air National Guard Base, New York.
Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 252 (VMGR-252) is a United States Marine Corps KC-130J squadron. They are a part of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14), 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW) and provide both fixed-wing and rotary-wing aerial refueling capabilities to support Fleet Marine Force air operations in addition to assault air transport of personnel, equipment, and supplies. The squadron, known as \"Otis\" is stationed at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. It also has the distinction of being the oldest continually active squadron in the Marine Corps.
Marine All- Weather Fighter Attack Squadron 242 (VMFA-242) is a United States Marine Corps squadron flying 12 F/A-18D Hornets. The squadron, known as the \"Bats\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 12 (MAG-12) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW).
Tower City Station is a rapid transit station in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is the central station on the RTA Red Line and the major station on the RTA Green and Blue Lines. The station is located directly beneath Prospect Avenue in the middle of the Tower City Center shopping mall. The station is only accessible through the Tower City Center shopping complex, and, for this reason, the public concourse of the shopping mall is open at all times that the RTA Rapid Transit is in operation. The station is the only RTA Rapid Transit station serving the main part of downtown Cleveland, and it offers connections to all RTA buses serving Public Square. The station also includes a \"Walkway to Gateway,\" which is a completely enclosed and air-conditioned skyway from Tower City Center to Quicken Loans Arena and Progressive Field of the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex, allowing RTA passengers, as well as those using the Tower City parking facilities, to walk to the arena and/or ballpark without going outside.
North Coast Station is a station on the RTA Waterfront Line portion of the Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The station is located west of East 9th Street, south of the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway, and north of the CSX railroad tracks. Entrance to the station is from the west side of East 9th Street. It serves the North Coast Harbor attractions, as well as the northern portion of downtown. The station has fare collection booths for the collection of fares from passengers entering toward Tower City Center and leaving toward South Harbor. When the station is unmanned, fares are collected on the trains. The station was designed by the firm of Robert P. Madison International, founded by the prominent African American architect. It was designed to harmonize with the style of the nearby Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, for which the Madison firm was also associate architects.
Flats East Bank is a station on the RTA Waterfront Line portion of the Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The station is located along West 10th Street just southeast of its intersection with Main Avenue in The Flats district.
Ralph Beard is a former Major League Baseball player. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1954.
Sandra Lynne Becker (born April 5, 1947) was born in Covina, California. While a senior in high school she competed in many beauty pageants and in 1965 became the youngest woman ever to receive the Miss California crown. After winning the crown Becker traveled with Bob Hope to Vietnam with the USO tour. She also performed with many young American singers at the time, including Perry Como, Angela Lansbury, and Tennessee Ernie Ford. During a 5 year contract with Warner Brother Studios she appeared in films and TV shows, including Bewitched, Marcus Welby, M.D. , and Here Come the Brides.
Orpheus is a Worcester, Massachusetts-based rock band that enjoyed popularity in the 1960s and early 1970s. In recent years there has been a resurgence of interest in the avant guard band. Original members included guitarist/vocalists Bruce Arnold and Jack McKennes, bass guitarist Eric \"The Snake\" Gulliksen, and drummer Harry Sandler but many others have since been a part of the group. Orpheus recorded three albums and four singles for MGM Records produced by musical legend Alan Lorber, including their best known hit, Can\u2019t Find The Time, though it was later work that came to actually define the band.
Hall Stoner Lusk (September 21, 1883 \u2013 May 15, 1983) was an American jurist and politician in the state of Oregon. A native of the District of Columbia, he became a judge in Oregon, serving in both the Oregon circuit courts and later on the Oregon Supreme Court, including time as its Chief Justice. A Democrat, he was appointed to the United States Senate for eight months in 1960 after the death of sitting Senator Richard L. Neuberger.
Positive Infinity are a collaborative group of musicians from Miami, Florida who work with various musical genres. While they are a full featured studio band, Positive Infinity are generally considered to be the solo project of Living Corban's former vocalist and guitarist, Jonathan Roberts. Positive Infinity were originally set to be a simple rock band, following the basic formula, but they have evolved into so much more. Some early work that was released under the band title \"Positive Infinity\" fell under the rock and other rock related genres - but more recent work has taken a new turn, into more experimental and multi-genre based songs.
Robert Kirkwood (1746 \u2013 November 1791) was a soldier who fought in the American Revolutionary War. He was named a lieutenant of the 1st Delaware Regiment in the Continental Army on December 9, 1775. In 1776, the Delaware Battalion, under the command of Captain Robert Kirkwood, was assigned to Mifflin's Brigade under Gen. Thomas Mifflin of Pennsylvania. He participated in every battle in which George Washington fought in 1777. In the August 16, 1780 Battle of Camden, Kirkwood's troops won fame and were called \"The Blue Hen's Chickens\" after that. This battle reduced his regiment from eight companies to two by reason of death and capture. At the Battle of Cowpens on January 17, 1781, Captain Kirkwood repulsed the British cavalry, and made a famous bayonet charge ordered by Colonel John Eager Howard. He was with General Washington in his pursuit and defeat of Cornwallis. As a captain in the regular army, he joined a 1791 military expedition led by Arthur St. Clair, the governor of the Northwest Territory. In November 1791, Kirkwood was killed by Native Americans from the Miami tribe in a major defeat near present-day Fort Wayne, Indiana, after having survived 32 Revolutionary battles without a disabling wound. He was a graduate of Newark Academy (later renamed the University of Delaware), which chose the Blue Hen as its mascot to honor Captain Kirkwood. Kirkwood also held a certificate of membership in the Society of the Cincinnati. Kirkwood is the great grandfather of Robert Kirkwood Martin, constructor of the Gunpowder Water works which supply the city of Baltimore, and grandfather of General R. H. K. Whitely of Baltimore.
Sergeant Robert Allen Owens (September 13, 1920-November 1, 1943) was a United States Marine who was killed in action during World War II. He was posthumously awarded his nation's highest military award &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroic actions on his first day in combat at Bougainville. The commanding general of the 3rd Marine Division described Owens' heroism &mdash; \"Among many brave acts on the beachhead of Bougainville, no other single act saved the lives of more of his comrades or served to contribute so much to the success of the landings.\"
West 25th-Ohio City is a station on the RTA Red Line in the Ohio City neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of West 24th Street, Abbey Avenue and Lorain Avenue, diagonally across Lorain Avenue from the West Side Market.
West Park is a station on the RTA Red Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located off Lorain Avenue just west of West 143rd Street. The station includes a large parking lot accessible from Lorain Avenue. The access road has been named Lloyd Peterson Lane. A station lobby building is located on the southeast side of the parking lot adjacent to the tracks. The station headhouse includes bus loading areas and also houses a training facility, which opened in 1983.
Marvell is an American producer of storage, communications and consumer semiconductor products. Their products can be found in a range of applications: Consumer: Technologies include Wireless LAN, Voice over IP (VoIP), system controllers, power management, storage products and embedded CPUs. Enterprise: Marvell produces silicon devices for network switching, routers and wireless networking. Marvell was the first to develop merchant Gigabit Ethernet switching products. Storage: Marvell designed the first Gigabit all-CMOS read channel, the first Gigabit-capable system-on-a-chip and the first Serial ATA interface. These products are found in both disk drive and network-attached storage systems. ARM Processor: Marvell designed the first quad-core ARM processor (ARMADA) in 2009. Founded in 1995 by a husband-and-wife pair of Indonesian Chinese immigrants who met at UC Berkeley, Marvell currently has more than 5000 employees. Marvell has design centers in Aliso Viejo, Arizona, Colorado, Massachusetts, San Diego and Santa Clara. Outside the US, Marvell has design centers in Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Singapore and Taiwan as well as numerous worldwide sales offices. As of 2009, Marvell ships over 250 million chips per quarter, most of them including a CPU core. \"Marvell Corporate Profile\" \"$100 Linux wall-wart launches\"
Beacon Hill Friends House is a cooperative community of about twenty residents located in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The house was acquired by the Religious Society of Friends in 1957, and focuses on community living in the context of Quaker values. The building was originally constructed as a duplex in the early 1800s, and is listed in the Massachusetts state registrar of historic places. Meeting for worship with the Beacon Hill Friends Meeting takes place in the house on Sunday mornings.
John Fetterman is an American politician who is mayor of Braddock, Pennsylvania. Fetterman is a native of York, Pennsylvania. He attended Harvard University where he earned a masters degree in Public Policy. He moved to Braddock in 2001 to work for AmeriCorps, and won the mayoral election in 2005.
Vanessa Lynn Branch (born 21 March 1973) is a British-American actress, model, and Page Three girl. She is best known in North America as the Orbit Gum television commercial woman (whose catchphrase is \"Fabulous!\"). Branch holds dual citizenship in the United Kingdom and the United States. She also speaks fluent French and Mandarin Chinese. After graduating from Mercersburg Academy, a boarding school in south-central Pennsylvania, she graduated from Middlebury College in 1994 and was Miss Vermont also that year. In 1996 she began tutoring two young girls, Blair and Ana Van Pelt, in French, and later moved in with the Van Pelt family in Newport Beach, California. She has stayed in southern California since then and currently resides there. She appeared in the Lost episode \"Fire + Water\" as the character Karen. She can also be seen in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, playing Giselle, a Tortugan wench jilted by Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow. She had a guest appearance as Nadia Kerensky in the pilot of the short-lived TV series Andy Barker P.I. She also appeared in the ' episode \"Shattered\" as an adult Naomi Wildman. In 2002, Vanessa appeared on the American soap Port Charles as Mary Margaret 'Paige' Barrington Smith and Rebecca 'Becca' Barrington. In June 2006, Vanessa worked on an ad for Orbit Gum that introduced two new flavors, lemon-lime and crystal mint. This ad was done in conjunction with Snoop Dogg. In July 2006, Maxim featured her in their \"Girls of Maxim\" gallery. She plays the role of Zhana Agonskaya in the video game . In 2010 she voiced the character of Beatrice Portinari in the video game Dante's Inferno.
John Vincent Power (November 20, 1918 \u2013 February 1, 1944) was a United States Marine Corps first lieutenant who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions and sacrifice of his life during the Battle of Kwajalein in World War II.
Rodney J. Evans (July 17, 1948 &ndash; July 18, 1969) was a Sergeant in the United States Army's 1st battalion of the 12th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division. Evans was killed in action during the Vietnam War in Tay Ninh province. He died protecting other members of his unit from a concealed land mine using his own body, for which he was awarded the Medal of Honor.
Thomas S. Allen, an early figure in Tin Pan Alley, was an American vaudeville composer, manager, and violinist.
John Stuart Blue was born in New York City on 29 August 1902, and graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1925. During 1933 he commanded the Presidential yacht Sequoia (AG-23) and served as Aide to President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Between August 1940 and January 1942 he commanded the destroyer Palmer (DD-161) and then reported to the light cruiser Juneau (CL-52) as navigator. Lieutenant Commander Blue was killed in action 13 November 1942 when Juneau sank during the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.
Gordon F. Joseloff (born May 13, 1945) is the current First Selectman of Westport, Connecticut and an Emmy Award-winning journalist. He was elected in 2005 with almost 60 percent of the vote and re-elected in 2009 with almost 52 percent . He earlier served 14 years on the Westport Representative Town Meeting (RTM), the town's legislative body, including 10 as its moderator, or president . A former foreign correspondent for CBS News and United Press International, Joseloff is also known as founding editor and now publisher of WestportNow, a local news and information Web site for Westport he established in 2003 .
Private First Class Donald Jack Ruhl (July 2, 1923&ndash;February 21, 1945) was a United States Marine who sacrificed his life in an act of heroism in February 1945 during the Battle of Iwo Jima. For his actions during the battle, he was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military honor &mdash; the Medal of Honor.
Carey Hayes (b. 21 April 1959, Portland, Oregon) is a writer and brother of Chad Hayes. They are partners in the business and have written most of their work together. The two also appeared in Doublemint Gum commercials in their early years of acting in the 80's. He has written many Baywatch episodes and has written and co-produced the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven. His other credits include:
Chad Hayes (born April 21, 1961) is an American writer and brother of Carey Hayes. Chad Hayes was born in Portland, Oregon. Chad and his brother Carey have written several movies together, such as the 2005 remake of House of Wax and the planned remake of The Blob in 2011. The two also starred in Doublemint gum commercials in their childhood. He has two children: Dylan and Hannah.
Murray Markin is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served on the North York city council from 1976 to 1978, and campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1977. His brother, Joseph Markin, served on North York's Board of Control from 1974 to 1976.
Private First Class Albert Earnest Schwab (July 17, 1920&ndash;May 7, 1945) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military honor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroic actions during the Battle of Okinawa. Just five days short of completing one year of United States Marine Corps service, on May 7, 1945, PFC Schwab singlehandedly destroyed two highly strategic Japanese gun positions during a critical stage of battle, allowing his pinned down unit to advance.
Charles David Allis (born March 22, 1951) is currently the Joy and Jack Fishman Professor and Head of the Laboratory of Chromatin Biology and Epigenetics at The Rockefeller University in New York City, United States. In pursuit of understanding the DNA-histone protein complex and the intricate system which allows for gene activation, the Allis lab focuses on chromatin signaling via histone modifications - acetylation, methylation and phosphorylation. He was not the first one to recognize histone acetyltransferase activity (Cano, A. &amp; Pestana, A. Purification and properties of a histone acetyltransferase from Artemia salina, highly efficient with H1 histone. Eur. J. Biochem. 97, 65\u201372), but he sparked renewed interest in chromatin function. Histone acetylation as well as other modifications (methylation, phosphorilation, ubiquitination) may frame the \"Histone Code\" or \"Epigenetic Code. \" While the DNA code is responsible for the sequence of RNA's and proteins, the Histone Code may ultimately be responsible for the epigenetic regulation of this genetic information.
Richard Vaux (December 19, 1816 \u2013 March 22, 1895) was an American politician. He was mayor of Philadelphia and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania. Richard Vaux was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, December 19, 1816, the son of the philanthropist Roberts Vaux. He was educated by private tutors at the Friends Select School in Philadelphia and Bolmar's French School in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in Philadelphia on April 15, 1837. He served as secretary of legation under Andrew Stevenson, United States Minister to Great Britain, for one year. He returned to Philadelphia in 1839. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives in 1839, and a delegate to the Democratic State convention in 1840. He commenced the practice of law in Philadelphia in 1840. He served as recorder of deeds of Philadelphia from 1842 to 1849. He was appointed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania as Inspector of the State Penitentiary for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania in 1842, and served as secretary and later as president of the board of inspectors until his death. An unsuccessful candidate for mayor of Philadelphia in 1842, 1845, and 1854, he was elected in 1856, but was defeated for reelection in 1858 by Alexander Henry. He was a member of the Board of City Trusts 1859-1866, serving as president 1863-1865. Vaux, who was deeply involved with the Masonic fraternity since the age of 26, served as Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania in 1868. That year, he laid the cornerstone of the iconic grand temple in Philadelphia which remains the headquarters for Freemasonry in the state, symbolically tapping it into place with the same gavel George Washington had used during the Masonic cornerstone ceremony for the United States Capitol building. He was elected in 1890 as a Democrat to the 51st Congress to fill the vacancy left by the death of Samuel J. Randall and served from May 20, 1890 to March 3, 1891. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890. Vaux married, March 12, 1840, Mary Morris, daughter of Jacob Shoemaker and Sarah Morris Waln. Richard and Mary Vaux had six children, of whom Jacob Waln Vaux was the fifth. Vaux died on March 22, 1895 in Philadelphia, where he is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Don Helbig is best known as the Guinness world record holder for roller coaster riding, having taken nearly 12,000 rides on The Racer, a wooden roller coaster at Kings Island amusement park, about 30 miles north of Cincinnati. Helbig is currently the public relations manager for Kings Island. He has also been a broadcaster and media relations director working in professional ice hockey, winning the American Hockey League's Ken McKenzie Award in 2003. During his years in pro hockey Helbig worked for the Cincinnati Tigers, Cincinnati Cyclones, Carolina Monarchs, Cincinnati Mighty Ducks and the Albany River Rats. He also spent one season as the broadcaster for the Albany Conquest of the af2. Helbig began his record roller coaster pursuit in the summer of 1981. Employeed at the time as a novelty vendor for the Cincinnati Reds, he was suddenly faced with a lot of free time when Major League baseball players went on strike for nearly two months. Initially, Helbig wanted to attain the single day park record for rides on the Racer, a record he established with 112 on September 2, 1987 (broken July, 5th 2007 with 113 rides by Kyle Risner And Tyler Stebelton]) and from there he decided to see how many rides he could get that summer, finishing with 1,200 on the park's original roller coaster. The endeavor brought attention from the national news media on his milestone rides (1,000, 2,000, etc.). Helbig continued to ride the Racer almost daily throughout the 1980s, accruing a single-season high of 2,211 rides in 1982, while mixing in more than 3,000 rides on the legendary Beast roller coaster and enjoying Kings Island's live shows. He was a member of American Coaster Enthusiasts and wrote reviews of amusement park books for the club's quarterly newsletter. In 2004, Kings Island held a \"Don Helbig Day\" in honor of his 1,000th visit to the park. Helbig has appeared live on Good Morning America, been on Entertainment Tonight, and has been featured in the pages of numerous newspapers and media outlets including Star Magazine and USA Today.
The Bergen Storm is an American football team based in Bergen, Norway. Bergen Storm is the 3rd oldest existing team in Norwegian American Football. They are members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAF). The team plays its home games at Varden Kunstgress field in Bergen.
William Plumsted (November 7, 1708, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania \u2013 August 10, 1765) was a mayor of Philadelphia in 1750, 1754, and 1755. The son of Clement Plumsted, who was also a mayor of Philadelphia, he served also as councilman, register of wills, and justice. He was also a founder of the Academy and College of Philadelphia, of which he served as a trustee until his death.
Humphrey Morrey, or Murrey was the first Mayor of Philadelphia, appointed by William Penn. Morrey first came to Philadelphia in 1683 and worked as a merchant. In 1685, he was appointed a justice of the peace. In 1687, and again in 1690, he was chosen to the provincial assembly. In the charter of March 20, 1691, by which Philadelphia was incorporated as a city, Morrey was appointed mayor. The length of his term has not been ascertained.
Westbound Train is a ska band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 2001. Their name originates from the Dennis Brown hit song by the same name. Westbound Train released their first album, Searching for A Melody, in 2003. The band self-released their second album, Five to Two, in 2005, which featured guest appearances from Alex Desert of Hepcat and King Django. The album was re-released by Stomp Records on March 14, 2006. Westbound Train were featured on the Hellcat Records compilation Give 'Em the Boot IV in November 2004. In January 2006, Hellcat announced that they had signed the band. A third full-length, titled Transitions, was released in September 2006. Westbound Train played the Summer of Ska tour in the summer of 2006, along with Suburban Legends, Big D and the Kids Table, Voodoo Glow Skulls, and Catch 22. Westbound Train also played the Fall of Ska tour in the fall of 2006, along with Reel Big Fish, Streetlight Manifesto, and Suburban Legends. Lynval Golding, the former guitarist of The Specials, is a big Westbound Train fan. Golding can often be seen at Westbound Train concerts in the Seattle, Washington area, even once playing on stage with them and calling them \"the next ska sensation.\"
Thomas Griffitts was a Mayor of Philadelphia in 1729, 1733, and 1737. He also served as Judge of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court from 1739 to 1743.
\u00C5sane Seahawks is the name of an American football and cheerleading team located in \u00C5sane, Norway that competes in the Norway American Football Federation. The team borrowed its name and logo from the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. The Seahawks cheerleaders are one of the most-winning cheerleading squads in Norway the last years. One of their most recent merits is the bronze medal from the European Cheerleading Championship in Slovenia 2008.
The NTNUI Nidaros Domers are an American football team based in Trondheim, Norway. They are currently members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF). Originally called the Trondheim Tomcats, the team was founded in 1992, competing in NoAFF Division II until winning the division championship in 1998. The team changed its name to the Nidaros Domers, and in the late 1990s, joined the NTNUI, adding its initials to its moniker. After going winless in their inaugural Division I season of 1999, the Domers added Chris Johnson and Don Cotter to their coaching staff in 2000, along with QB Ken Williams, and earned their first win over a Division I team, the V\u00E5lerenga Trolls. By 2002, the Domers improved enough to earn their first Division I Western Conference title, a feat they repeated in 2003 while becoming Norway's top-ranked defense.
Hamar Ruins is the name of an American football team located in Hamar, Norway that competes in the Norway American Football Federation. They have no rivalry with Bergen Storm at all.
Kristiansand Gladiators is the name of an American football team located in Kristiansand, Norway that competes in the Norway American Football Federation. The team plays its home games at Karuss Colosseum in V\u00E5gsbygd, Kristiansand. They also have a reputation for having some of the loudest fans in the league.
Oslo Vikings is the name of an American football club located in Oslo, Norway, that competes in the Norway American Football Federation and the European Federation of American Football tournaments. The club was founded in 1986 and prior to 1992, the team was known as the Westside Vikings. Its current home ground is Voldsl\u00F8kka Stadion. The Vikings have won 7 total national championship titles (trailing only the V\u00E5lerenga Trolls, who have 10). The Vikings had the most players (9) on the NoAFF 15th Anniversary All-Star Team (named in 2002). The team also has a fierce rivalry with the V\u00E5lerenga Trolls, which is the longest rivalry in the NoAFF and in recent years the Eidsvoll 1814s. The Vikings' top international achievement is their 12-6 2000 EFAF EuroCup Championship Game loss to the London O's in Brussels.
The Sandnes Oilers are an American football team based in Sandnes, Norway. They are currently members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF). The team was founded in 1991 and was based in Stavanger before moving to Sandnes in 1992. The team played its first season in 1993, winning all games in the NoAFF Division II. The team plays its home games at Giskebanen Field in Sandnes. The Oilers competed in NoAFF Division I between 1994 and 1998 followed by three seasons in Division II before returning to Division I play in 2002. In addition to fielding a team at the senior level (ages 18 and above), the Oilers also fielded an U-19 team from 1995 till 2002, winning the Norwegian Championship in 1998 with a 8-0 record (136 points for, 0 points against).
Kolbotn Kodiaks is the name of an American football team located in Kolbotn, Norway and former affiliate of the Norway American Football Federation.
Larvik Lions is the name of an American football team located in Larvik, Norway and a former affiliate of the Norway American Football Federation.
Vanna is a post-hardcore band from Boston, MA. Their first full length album, Curses, was released on April 24, 2007.
Frank Nicias Mitchell (August 18, 1921&ndash;November 26, 1950) was a Marine First Lieutenant who posthumously received the United States' highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during the Korean War.
Marine Aircraft Group 32 (MAG-32) was a United States Marine Corps aviation unit established during World War II.
Benjamin Shoemaker (b. 3 August 1704, Germantown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; d. c. 1767, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was Mayor of Philadelphia in 1743, 1752, and 1760. He also served on the Pennsylvania Provincial Council. His father, Isaac Shoemaker, (Schumacher, 1669-1732) was born in Heidelberg, Germany and settled in the Province of Pennsylvania.
Kris Osborn (born May 16, 1969) was a news anchor on CNN Headline News from 2001-2004, specializing in military issues. Since then, he has worked as a reporter for KSTP-TV in Minneapolis and a correspondent for Entertainment Tonight. He also has written articles for the Washington Times and reported for KO NewsMachine, an independent news-content company. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Osborn spent most of his childhood in Gloucester, Massachusetts. His parents divorced when he was quite young, and he and his brother spent most of their time living with their father, a psychiatrist, and their stepmother. Osborn also has two stepsisters from his father's second marriage. His mother was murdered in 1991, when he was a junior in college. He attended Suffield Academy, a co-educational boarding school in Suffield, Connecticut. Osborn is a 1992 graduate of Kenyon College, in Gambier, Ohio, where he pursued a double major in English and political science and was a member of the swim team, on which he earned three NCAA championships and ten All-American honors. He went on to earn his masters degree in comparative literature from Columbia University and initially planned to be a college professor. At the same time he was in graduate school, Osborn worked as a reporter for Channel One News in Los Angeles. One of the very first stories he covered was the Oklahoma City bombing. From Channel One, where he worked for four years, he went on to Fox News in 1998 as New York correspondent, where he worked as general assignment anchor and contributor to the Fox News website. In July 2001, he joined CNN Headline News as a primetime general assignment anchor covering technology news and quickly became known for his coverage of military stories. While at CNN, Osborn reported extensively on the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the United States war in Afghanistan. He left the network in February 2004 and joined Entertainment Tonight in June 2004 as a correspondent, where he covered the Democratic National Convention. He was no longer associated with Entertainment Tonight, however, by the following November. He currently writes for Defense News. Osborn is an avid reader, athlete, and sports fan. He also is a fan of the heavy-metal rock bands Metallica and Judas Priest as well as the English romantic poet William Wordsworth.
James Donnie Howe (December 17, 1948-May 6, 1970) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions in May 1970 during the Vietnam War.
With Wayne Garcia, Shauna Parsons is lead anchor on KPTV-TV. Shauna moved to Portland in 2000 and was immediately enamored with the city. Shauna's career started with college radio and in internship at Fox 13 KSTU in Salt Lake City. The Society of Professional Journalists and the Utah Broadcasters Association have given Shauna several awards, and she also received an Emmy nomination for a story on animal euthanasia.
Chip\u00E1, chipa or chipita are some of the names by which is known a variety of breads made with manioc or corn flour, typical of Paraguay and some nearby regions of Argentina and Brazil (the Brazilian version, although not exactly the same, but very similar, it is called in Portuguese p\u00E3o de queijo or cheese bread). During the second half of the 20th Century, migration in South America has increased consumption of chipas in the large cities such as Buenos Aires and C\u00F3rdoba. The cu\u00F1ape in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, muchines de yuca in Ecuador, and bolitas de yuca in Colombia are all very similar to the chipa. The most frequent variety is made with manioc starch, milk, cheese, eggs butter or oil, from which are formed little balls of 3 centimeters of diameter. The lightness of the manioc starch, thinly milled, gives it a special texture and allows the melted cheese master the flavor. Occasionally, anise seeds are added. The cu\u00F1ape has the same ingredients, but in different proportions. Every variety of manioc and corn flour bread, in the entire American region, is known in Paraguay, as chipa and mbeju. In the preparation, yeast is not used, so in spite of the high temperatures of the region, it can be preserved for many days. It is a festive food and can be found in every popular religious celebration. Chipa: Pan Sagrado and 70 Recipes to prepare it.
Socialburn was a four-piece post-grunge rock band from Tallahassee, Florida.
Arendal Wildcats was an American football team based in Arendal, Norway, founded in 1993. They were members of the Southside Football League (SFL) and former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF). The team played its home games at Stuenes Stadium in Arendal. The team played their last games in 2006.
The Lillehammer Wolfpack are an American football team based in Lillehammer, Norway. They are former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF), having entered the league in 1998.
The Fredrikstad Eagles is an American football team based in Fredrikstad, Norway. They are former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF).
The Otra Raiders was an American football team based in S\u00F8rlandet, Norway. They are former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF) and the Southside Football League (SFL). The Kristiansand Gladiators is in many ways a continuation of the Raiders.
The Stavanger Eagles are an American football team based in Stavanger, Norway. They are currently members of the Southside Football League (SFL).
The S\u00F8gne Stallions are an American football team based in S\u00F8gne, Norway. They are currently members of the Southside Football League (SFL).
Marine All Weather Fighter Attack Squadron 553 (VMFA-553) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Also known as the \"Hawks\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine All Weather Fighter Attack Squadron 332 (VMFA-332) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron. Also known as the \"Moonlighters\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina and is attached to Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31), 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The squadron flew its last flight in the F/A-18 Hornet on March 30, 2007. They are now in cadre status but are expected to be reactivated when the Marine Corps fields the new F-35 Lightning II. At the time of their transition they held the longest streak of mishap-free flight hours for a tactical jet squadron at 109,000 hours.
The Lyngdal Snakes are an American football team based in Lyngdal, Norway. They are currently members of the Southside Football League (SFL).
The Setesdalen Cowboys are an American football team based in Setesdalen, Norway. They are currently members of the Southside Football League (SFL).
Aspervika 89ers was an American football team located in Sandnes, Norway. The team folded in 1990, with a few players moving on to the Sandnes Oilers.
Daniel Paul Matthews (December 31, 1931 &ndash; March 28, 1953) was a United States Marine Corps sergeant who was posthumously awarded the Nation\u2019s highest decoration for his single-handed attack on an enemy machine gun nest which had prevented the evacuation of a wounded comrade. He was the 41st Marine to be awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in Korea.
Hifn is a semiconductor manufacturer founded in 1996 as a spin-off from Stac Electronics. The company is headquartered in Los Gatos, California, and has offices in North America, Europe and Asia. It is active in the market of security processors. Following the initial public offering in 1998, the ompany's stock is traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol HIFN. Hifn holds the patents for the LZS and MPPC compression algorithms. LZS is Lempel-Ziv Stac and is an industry standard for lossless data compression for both networking and storage. LZS is specified in the Cisco IOS stack. Hifn was the first company to offer a processor with integrated encryption and compression in 1998, and followed this in 1999 with the world's fastest security processor for VPNs. In 2000, Hifn invented an Intelligent Packet Processor - a security co-processor capable of not just performing raw algorithm processing, but of modifying the complete packet, allowing their processors to transform an IP packet into an IPSec packet in a single pass in the security processor with only the Policy and IPSec Stack being required on the host CPU. They were the first to offer a security processor featuring the new AES algorithm in 2001. In 2004 they followed on from their Packet Processor with a complete IPSec protocol processor - an Inline processor capable of performing the entire IPSec and IKE processing with no CPU intervention required. They also adapted this processor for the SAN market, for applications such as iSCSI. Hifn also offers security processors for Secure VoIP and WiMax applications, and its technology innovator, offering technologies for \"application-aware\" flow classifiers and search engines. In earlier 2004, Hifn acquired part of IBM Network Processor assets in addition to PowerNP's intellectual property license. Since then Hifn became the sole vendor of PowerNP to a couple of telecom/datacom equipment industrial players. In April 3, 2009, Exar Corporation (a semiconductor manufacturer) closed the acquisition of hi/fn, inc.
Allan Laakkonen was city councillor for Red River Ward in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the driving forces behind Thunder Bay's bid for the 1995 Nordic World Ski Championships. He ran for the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario in 1981 in the riding of Port Arthur, but lost to Jim Foulds of the NDP.
Staff Sergeant Lewis G. Watkins (June 6, 1925 &ndash; October 7, 1952) was a United States Marine who sacrificed his life to save the lives of fellow Marines under his command and to contribute to the success of his unit's mission during the Korean War. For his actions on October 7, 1952, Watkins was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 451 (VMFA-451) was a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of F/A-18 Hornets . Known as the \"Warlords\" and \u201CBlue Devils\u201D, the squadron saw action during World War II and Operation Desert Storm. They were decommissioned on January 31, 1997. In anticipation of the transition to the F-35 Lightning II, the squadron will be reactivated in April 1, 2010 and redesignated as VMFAT-501.
Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 302 (HMT-302), is a United States Marine Corps helicopter training squadron stationed at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina. Known as the \"Phoenix\", HMT-302 trains newly commissioned Naval Aviators, conversion pilots, refresher pilots, and enlisted aircrew on the CH-53E Super Stallion and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 (MAG-26) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
Marine Light Attack Training Squadron 303 (HMLAT-303), is a United States Marine Corps helicopter training squadron stationed at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California. Known as the \"Atlas\", HMT-303 trains newly commissioned Naval Aviators, conversion pilots, refresher pilots, and enlisted aircrew on the AH-1W SuperCobra and the UH-1N Twin Huey. HMLAT-303 is also to begin training with the new UH-1Y Venom and AH-1Z Viper helicopters. It is part of Marine Aircraft Group 39 (MAG-39) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW).
Private First Class John Doran Kelly (July 8, 1928 &ndash; May 28, 1952) was a United States Marine awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic action on May 28, 1952 against Communist forces in Korea. Kelly was mortally wounded during his act of heroism.
Whole Wheat Bread is a punk band from Jacksonville, Florida. They formed in 2003 and have so far released two albums and one EP, under the Orlando based record label Fighting Records.
Jose Francisco Jimenez (March 20, 1946 &ndash; August 28, 1969) was a United States Marine Corps Lance Corporal who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in the Vietnam War in August 1969.
Foster Pirie (Babe) Ganzel (May 22, 1901 - February 6, 1978) was an outfielder who played baseball for the Washington Senators from 1927 to 1928. He batted and threw right-handed. A native of Malden, Massachusetts, Ganzel came from a family of baseball men. His father, Charlie, was a catcher who played with the Whitecaps, Quakers, Wolverines and Beaneaters during 14 seasons, and his uncle John was a first baseman for the Pirates, Cubs, Giants, Highlanders and Reds and also managed the Reds and the Tip-Tops. Two brothers and two uncles also played in the minor leagues. In a two-season career, Ganzel posted a .311 batting average with one home run and 17 RBI in 23 games played. Following his majors career, Ganzel played in the high minors for nine years. Then he turned to managing and directing the Selma, St. Paul and Jacksonville Triple-A teams. Ganzel died in Jacksonville, Florida, at the age of 76.
Marine Attack Training Squadron 203 (VMAT-203) is a squadron in the United States Marine Corps that trains naval aviators to fly the AV-8B Harrier. Also known as the Hawks, the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. Their radio callsign is \"Mars\".
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 531 (VMFA-531) was a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of F/A-18 Hornets . Known as the \"Grey Ghosts\u201D, the squadron participated in action during World War II and the Vietnam War. They were decommissioned on March 27, 1992.
Marine Air Control Squadron 1 (MACS-1) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron . The squadron provides aerial surveillance, air traffic control, ground-controlled intercept, and aviation data-link connectivity for the I Marine Expeditionary Force. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma and fall under Marine Air Control Group 38 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Jay S. Walker (born 1956) is an American entrepreneur who founded Priceline. com and Walker Digital. According to the 1999 Forbes 400, Mr. Walker's net worth once topped USD$4 billion, which was almost entirely Priceline. com stock. However, much of this was lost during the dot-com crash. He earned a B.S. in Industrial Relations from Cornell University in 1977, where he was a member of the Quill and Dagger society and the Sigma Phi Society. Jay and his wife Eileen have two children, Evan and Lindsey, and have made their home in Ridgefield, Connecticut since 1990. Walker's personal library occupies 3,600 square feet (330 m) and features books, atlases, artifacts and models of space exploration, cryptography and James Bond films.
9.9 was an American R&amp;B group in the mid 1980s. The group consisted of members Margo Thunder, Leslie Jones and Wanda Perry. The group formed in 1985 in Boston, Massachusetts. They signed to RCA Records and released their first album, and the single, \"All of Me for All of You\". 9.9's album reached #79 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and #15 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. 9.9 released a second single titled \"I Like The Way You Dance. \" The group continued until 1987, when disputes over material, production and personal matters forced the group to disband.
Samuel Powel (1738 \u2013 September 29, 1793) was a colonial and post-colonial mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and graduated in 1759 from the College of Philadelphia. He served as mayor from 1775\u20131776 and 1789\u20131790, the office having lain vacant in the interim. Powel was an early member of the American Philosophical Society and a trustee of the College of Philadelphia. On August 7, 1769, he married Elizabeth Willing, was the daughter of Philadelphia mayor Charles Willing and Ann Shippen, and a sister of Philadelphia mayor and Continental Congressman Thomas Willing, the business partner of Robert Morris. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1790 to 1793. Powel died in the Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1793 on September 29, 1793, in Philadelphia, where he is interred at Christ Church Burial Ground.
Corporal Larry Leonard Maxam (January 9, 1948- February 2, 1968) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the United States' highest military honor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for heroism in the Vietnam War in February 1968,
Hugh S. Greer Field House was a 4,604 seat multi-purpose arena in Storrs, Connecticut. It opened December 1, 1954 with a win against then-archrival URI. It was home to the University of Connecticut Huskies men's and women's basketball teams until January 27, 1990, when the Harry A. Gampel Pavilion opened. The arena is named after former Husky basketball player, coach and athletic director, Hugh Greer. It was remodeled in 1996-97 following the departure of the basketball teams to become a full-time indoor track facility.
Joseph Hampton Moore (March 8, 1864 \u2013 May 2, 1950) was Mayor of Philadelphia and a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Pennsylvania.
Anthony Morris, Jr. was a brewer, Quaker preacher, judge, and mayor of Philadelphia. Morris immigrated to Burlington, New Jersey, in 1682, and relocated to Philadelphia three years later. In 1687, he built the original Morris Brewery, establishing a family business that would last until the 1830s. As the Francis Perot (and Sons) Malting Company, it endured into the 1960s as arguably the oldest continuous business in the United States. The original brewery was located on Front Street, south of Walnut. In 1745, Morris's grandson Anthony IV (son of the second Anthony Morris in Philadelphia) built a larger brewery at the corner of Dock and Pear (now Thomas Paine Place). At this location, Anthony IV's grandson, Benjamin Wistar Morris, brewed the preferred porter-style beer for President George Washington during the early 1790s. In addition to serving Philadelphia as one of its leading brewers, Anthony Morris served in a variety of judicial capacities during the 1690s and was described by William Penn as \"one of the most sufficient as well as diligent magistrates\" in the colony. In 1704, Morris became the city's mayor, a post later occupied by his son Anthony III, as well. Most of the older Anthony's attention after the turn of the century, however, was devoted to preaching among the Society of Friends throughout North America.
Arute Field is a 3,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. It is home to the Central Connecticut State University Blue Devils football team. The facility opened in 1969. The facility underwent extensive renovations with the addition of a state of the art grandstand and pressbox in the late 90's. Arute Field is currently being expanded under an $8 million Outdoor Athletic Facilities renovation project at CCSU. The expansion will add an estimated 4,000 seats to Arute Field.
Thomas Lawrence (1689\u20131754) was a merchant and a mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Born in New York City, he came around 1720 to Philadelphia, where, for the rest of his life, Lawrence was engaged in the mercantile business. In 1730, after being associated with James Logan, Lawrence formed a partnership with Edward Shippen; Shippen &amp; Lawrence became one of Philadelphia's leading firms. Apart from his life in private business, Lawrence held several positions of trust in the city, including serving as mayor for six one-year terms, as city councilman and alderman, and as judge of the county court. At the provincial level, Lawrence began his service on the Provincial Council in 1728. On his death in 1754, a notice in Benjamin Franklin's Pennsylvania Gazette emphasized his record of public service and his humanity in all aspects of his life. Lawrence was a founder and trustee of The Academy and College of Philadelphia. He died in office, in Philadelphia, and is buried at Christ Church Burial Ground.
Doctor Jekill is a Cuban-American Rock band which gained notoriety in the late 1990s and early 2000s throughout South America and the United States establishing a legacy as one of the most influential bands of the American-Latin underground. Originally formed in Miami, Florida by singer and guitarist Evelio Perez . Dr Jekill has performed in most major stages throughout Latin America and the United States .
Nichols House Museum is a museum in Boston, Massachusetts. It was designed by the architect, Charles Bulfinch, and built by Jonathan Mason, the politician, in 1804. The building was renovated in 1830. The museum is named for Rose Standish Nichols (1872&ndash;1960), the renowned landscape gardener, suffragist, pacifist, and member of the Cornish Art Colony, who lived in the house between 1885 and 1960. She left the house to be used as a museum after her death. The museum preserves the lifestyle of the American upper class during Nichols' lifetime, with turn-of-the-century period rooms.
Eugene Arnold Obregon (November 12, 1930 &ndash; September 26, 1950) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration for valor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for sacrificing his life to save that of a wounded comrade during the Battle of Seoul. On September 26, 1950, Private First Class Obregon was fatally wounded by enemy machine gun fire while using his body to shield a wounded fellow Marine. The Eugene A. Obregon Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation works to erect a monument honoring Obregon, 40 Latino Medal of Honor recipients, and all Congressional Medal of Honor recipients. The foundation's website, http://www. obregoncmh. org/thefoundation/index. html, includes additional background on Eugene A. Obregon and links to the foundation's fundraising effort. The group's goal is to see the monument dedicated on National Medal of Honor Day, March 25, 2010.
William Berryman Scott (February 12, 1858 \u2013 March 29, 1947) was an American vertebrate paleontologist, authority on mammals, and principal author of the White River Oligocene monographs. He was a professor of geology and paleontology at Princeton University. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, he graduated from Princeton University in 1877 and received a Ph.D. from University of Heidelberg in 1880. He married Alice Adeline Post on December 15, 1883.
Rocketscience is a Boston-based power-pop / rock band, formed in 1998 by Weymouth, MA natives Andrew Galdins, Aaron Stein and John Barber. They were later joined in 1999 by guitarist Jon Towne. Their Beatles-influenced music with melodic hooks and further influences by Weezer and AC/DC helped get them to the finals of the 2000 WBCN Rock &amp; Roll Rumble, losing only to Waltham and Rumble winners Darkbuster. They were later signed to an affiliate of Warner Music, Offshore Records in summer of 2005. A single \"Writer's Block\" is featured on their last release, 2005's \"Rocketscience\" self-titled album featuring Steven Tyler of Aerosmith on guest vocals. Aaron Stein left the band at the end of 2005 to move to the West Coast. Rob Cushing stepped in to fill in bass duties in 2006. As of summer 2006, the band has been on hiatus but still give updates on their Myspace page. As of 2009, Andrew has been performing solo shows in the Quincy area, most notably at the Jury Room, with Jon sitting in occasionally. Rob can be seen in the Boston area solo and with the Dana Labb and No Casino bands, while no word on John. The band was formerly managed by Frank Cimler (The Cars) of Tenth Street Management in New York City.
Lee Hugh Phillips (February 3, 1930 &ndash; November 27, 1950) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States\u2019 highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroism on November 4, 1950, while fighting in Korea with Company E, 2nd Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division, in the push toward the Chosin Reservoir. The 20-year old squad leader was the 40th Marine to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean War. Although he survived that action, he was killed at Yudam-ni on November 27, 1950, during a later phase of the hard-fought Chosin Reservoir campaign. The medal was presented to his mother on March 29, 1954 by Secretary of the Navy Robert B. Anderson. The Pentagon ceremony also included presentation of posthumous Medals of Honor to the families of Sergeants James E. Johnson and Daniel P. Matthews.
Second Lieutenant George Henry Ramer (March 27, 1927\u2013September 12, 1951) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor \u2014 the United States\u2019 highest military decoration for heroism \u2014 for his actions in Korea on September 12, 1951, when he sacrificed his life during a fearless attack on an enemy position. He was the 27th Marine to receive the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Korean War. Second Lieutenant Ramer, who had been an enlisted U.S. Navy sailor during World War II, was cited after leading an attack by the third platoon of Company I, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division. Although he and most of his men were wounded while fighting their way through vicious machine-gun, mortar and small-arms fire, he continued to lead the assault on the enemy-held hilltop, personally destroying an enemy bunker and directing his capture of the position. When the enemy immediately began an overwhelming counter-attack, he ordered his men to withdraw and fought single-handedly to cover the withdrawal and the evacuation of three fatally wounded Marines. Wounded a second time, he refused aid, ordered his men to shelter and continued to fight until he was fatally wounded as the enemy overran his position.
Hela Yungst (c. 1952 in Israel &ndash; February 24, 2002 in Livingston, New Jersey), also known as Hela Young, was an American television entertainer and beauty pageant winner. She was a promoter of Holocaust awareness and a former president of the New Jersey Commission on Holocaust Education. Yungst was born in Israel to parents who were survivors of The Holocaust. The family moved to the United States in 1956. She was raised in Hillside, New Jersey and graduated from Hillside High School in 1967. She was a member of the National Honor Society and was awarded the title of Miss New Jersey, representing the state in the Miss America Pageant in Atlantic City in 1971. Around the same time she graduated Newark State College with a B.A. in music education and theatre. Yungst was a performer on stage and in films, television commercials and soap operas, appearing in Guiding Light and All My Children. She changed her name to Hela Young and became the New Jersey Lottery hostess on television, picking the nightly winning numbers for some 24 years. She left television in November 2001 due to illness. She resided with her husband and daughter in Mountainside, New Jersey and died in 2002 due to cancer. The New Jersey Commission on Holocaust Education presents \"The Hela Young Award\" each year \"to honor a person in recognition of outstanding work in the community for the improvement of human relations among diverse peoples and for the improvement of the human condition.\"
William David Morgan (September 17, 1947&ndash;February 25, 1969) was a United States Marine Corporal who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor &mdash; the United States' highest military decoration &mdash; for heroic actions during the Vietnam War. Corporal Morgan was killed in action on February 2, 1969.
Private First Class Melvin Earl Newlin (September 27, 1948 &ndash; July 4, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroic actions in July 1967 during the Vietnam War.
Marine Air Control Squadron 4 (MACS-4) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron . The squadron provides aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the III Marine Expeditionary Force. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma and fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 18 and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Thomas P. Noonan, Jr. (November 18, 1943\u2013February 5, 1969) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for heroism during February 1969 in Vietnam.
Marine Wing Support Group 27 (MWSG-27) is a United States Marine Corps aviation combat service support unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point that is currently composed of 4 squadrons, that provide the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing and II Marine Expeditionary Force with complete airfield operation services (less air traffic control), engineer and transportation support, medical assistance, food services, security support, and other direct combat and combat service support to Aviation Combat elements.
Marine Wing Support Group 37 (MWSG-37) is a United States Marine Corps aviation combat service support unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar that is currently composed of 4 squadrons, that provide the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing and I Marine Expeditionary Force with complete airfield operation services (less air traffic control), engineer and transportation support, medical assistance, food services, security support, and other direct combat and combat service support to Aviation Combat elements.
Walter Keith Singleton (1944&ndash;1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism in March 1967 during the Vietnam War
William Raymond Prom (November 17, 1948&ndash;February 9, 1969) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in February 1969 during the Vietnam War.
Jimmy Wayne Phipps (November 1, 1950-May 27, 1969) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions on May 27, 1969 in the Vietnam War.
Lawrence David Peters (September 16, 1946&ndash;September 4, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions on September 4, 1967 during the Vietnam War.
William Thomas Perkins, Jr. (August 10, 1947 &ndash; October 12, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the United States' highest military decoration for valor &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his heroic action on October 12, 1967 during the Vietnam War in which he smothered an exploding grenade with his body to save the lives of three fellow Marines. Perkins is the only combat photographer to have received the Medal of Honor.
Isaiah Dorman (c 1820? &ndash; June 25, 1876) was a former slave who served as an interpreter for the United States Army during the Indian Wars. He perished at the Battle of Little Bighorn, the only black man killed in the fight.
Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 1 (VMU-1) is an unmanned aerial vehicle squadron in the United States Marine Corps that operates the RQ-7 Shadow and ScanEagle. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California and provide aerial surveillance for the I Marine Expeditionary Force. They fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 38 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing
Thomas A. Baker (June 25, 1916 &ndash; July 7, 1944) was a United States Army soldier who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Saipan. Baker was born and joined the U.S. Army from Troy, New York and after graduating from Army basic training was sent to fight in World War II. While serving as a member of the 27th Infantry Division was injured and refused to be evacuated. He was later found dead with an empty weapon and several Japanese soldiers around him.
Lieutenant Colonel Andre Cavaro Lucas (October 2, 1930&ndash;July 23, 1970) was killed in action on while serving as the commanding officer, 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry, 101st Airborne Division, United States Army, at Fire Support Base Ripcord, Thua Thien Province, South Vietnam. He was born in Washington D.C. and was a graduate of the United States Military Academy, West Point, class of 1954, and received the Medal of Honor posthumously for extraordinary heroism during the last 23 days of his life
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is an American alternative rock band that formed in 2004 in Middleburg, Florida.
Shilah Phillips is an American entertainer, beauty pageant contestant, and the 2006 winner of the Miss Texas title. Phillips was named first runner-up to Miss America on January 29, 2007.
Damon &amp; Naomi are an American dream pop/folk-rock duo formed in 1991 by Damon Krukowski and Naomi Yang, formerly of Galaxie 500.
Frank Nelson Blanchard (1888 \u2013 1937) was an American herpetologist, and professor of zoology at the University of Michigan. He is credited with identifying several new species, including the Broad-banded Water Snake, Nerodia fasciata confluens, and the Florida King Snake, Lampropeltis getula floridana. As well, he has been honored by having reptiles and amphibians named after him, including the Western Smooth Green Snake, Opheodrys vernalis blanchardi, and Blanchard's Cricket Frog, Acris crepitans blanchardi. Born in Stoneham, Massachusetts, Blanchard attained his bachelors of science in biology from Tufts University in 1913, and his doctorate in zoology from the University of Michigan in 1919. Where he studied with Helen Gaige under Dr. Alexander Grant Ruthven. His thesis was an extensive account of the genus Lampropeltis, king snakes. From 1913 until 1916 he taught zoology at Massachusetts State College in Amherst, Massachusetts. In 1918 he became an aide in the division of reptiles for the Smithsonian Institution, working under Leonhard Hess Stejneger until 1920, when he became a zoology professor at the University of Michigan. In 1922 he published Amphibians and Reptiles of Western Tennessee. For the year of 1927, he took a sabbatical from the University to travel to New Zealand, Australia and Tasmania, primarily to study the tuatara. In 1935 he spent a summer with Howard K. Gloyd, travelling through the southwestern United States, writing a manual of the snakes of the US, which was completed by Gloyd after his death. In 1936, he was elected vice president of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists. His most enduring legacy to the field of herpetology are his techniques for studying live animals in the field.
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2 is the headquarters element of the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3 is the headquarters element of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California.
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 1 is the headquarters element of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler on Okinawa, Japan.
The S\u00F8rland Stranglers are an American football team based in S\u00F8rland, Norway. They are currently members of the Southside Football League (SFL).
Daniel Fernandez (June 30, 1944&ndash;February 18, 1966) recipient of the Medal of Honor. He was the first Mexican American to receive that honor during the war in Vietnam. Fernandez was awarded the United States' highest military decoration for valor in combat for his actions in Hau Nghia Province, Republic of Vietnam in February 1966 &mdash; throwing himself on a live grenade, he sacrificed his life to save lives of the soldiers around him.
Alan George \"A.G. \" Lafley (born June 13, 1947) is the former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Procter &amp; Gamble, retiring from the company in 2010. Lafley is largely credited for turning around P&amp;G during his tenure under the mantra \u201CConsumer is Boss. \u201D During his leadership, sales doubled, profits quadrupled, and P&amp;G\u2019s market value increased by more than $100 billion dollars. Lafley graduated from Fenwick High School in Oak Park, Illinois, to earn an A.B. from Hamilton College in 1969. In 1970, after beginning a doctoral program, he took a commission with the U.S. Navy as a supply officer during the Vietnam War. Afterwards, he studied at Harvard Business School, receiving his M.B.A. in 1977. He joined P&amp;G upon his graduation, where he worked until his retirement. He is credited with revitalizing the company by focusing on P&amp;G\u2019s billion dollar brands like Crest, Tide, and Pampers, But he also brought in several new brands, like Swiffer and Febreze, by merging P&amp;G\u2019s internal resources with outside \u201Copen\u201D innovation. Lafley is a member of the General Electric board of directors and was named the chairman of Hamilton's Board of Trustees in December 2007. He was awarded \"CEO of the Year 2006\" by Chief Executive Magazine and the Peter G. Peterson Award for Business Statesmanship presented by the CED in 2009. Lafley has also been announced as recipient of the 2010 Edison Achievement Award, an annual award recognizing leaders that have made significant and lasting contributions to innovation, marketing and human-centered design throughout their careers. On April 8, 2008 Lafley and consultant Ram Charan published The Game Changer, a book on increasing productivity through innovation.
Ren Woods (b. January 1, 1958, Portland, Oregon) is an American film and television actress/singer, best known for her role as Fanta in Roots, and also as the girl with flowers in her hair who sang \"Aquarius\" in the film version of Hair. Ren Woods began her singing career as a child and released two solo albums before returning her focus to acting in the 1980s. Her most recent role was in the 2008 film The Blue Hour.
David Bennes Barkley (March 31, 1899 &ndash; November 9, 1918), often spelled Barkeley, was a United States Army private who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during World War I in France. After successfully completing a scouting mission behind enemy lines, he drowned as he swam back across the Meuse River.
Buell Neidlinger (born March 2, 1936) is an American cellist and double bassist. Neidlinger was born in Westport, Connecticut. After Yale University, he moved to New York City and began playing in various jazz settings. He joined Cecil Taylor's group in 1955, played with Herbie Nichols and recorded extensively with Taylor's groups with Steve Lacy and with Archie Shepp among others until 1961. He was also involved with new directions in classical music and Gunther Schuller' s Third Stream music. He has worked extensively as an orchestral and as a session bassist before becoming a musical educator at the New England Conservatory and CalArts. Neidlinger is also credited with co-authoring several divorce mediation handbooks with Sam Margulies. Together with Marty Krystall he founded K2B2 Records. In 1983, he performed on the Antilles Records release Swingrass '83.
Marine Fighting Squadron 221 (VMF-221) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps in World War II. During the war, they flew the Brewster Buffalo and after reconstitution in 1943, the venerable F4U Corsair. The squadron, also known as the \u201CFighting Falcons\u201D, is most notable for its actions on June 4, 1942 during the Battle of Midway, which resulted in 23 members of the squadron being awarded the Navy Cross for their actions in combat. VMF-221 ended WWII with 185 air to air victories, the second most of any Marine Fighting Squadron in the war.
Marine Attack Squadron 124 (VMA-124) was a fighter squadron in the Marine Forces Reserve based out of Naval Air Station Memphis flying the A-4 Skyhawk. They were part of Marine Aircraft Group 42 and were decommissioned in 1996. The squadron is best known as the first Marine squadron to fly the F4U Corsair during World War II and also the first squadron to be based on an aircraft carrier. They were known as the \u201CWild Aces\u201D and ended World War II with 78 air to air victories against Japanese aircraft.
Marine Fighting Squadron 111 (VMF-111) was a reserve fighter squadron in the United States Marine Corps. Nicknamed the \u201CDevil Dogs\u201D, the squadron was one of the first aviation squadrons in the Marine Corps and gained national attention in the 1930s as the Marine Corps show unit. The squadron fought in World War II and was later transferred to the Reserves where they fell under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 41 (MAG-41) and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing (4th MAW) while stationed at Naval Air Station Dallas, Texas. They were decommissioned on the October 22, 1965.
Financial Navigator, Inc is a U.S. based software company that develops accounting software targeted towards family offices, accountants, and high-net-worth individuals. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.
TuVox is a company that produces VXML-based telephone speech-recognition applications to replace DTMF touch-tone systems for their clients.
Volcano Suns was an American alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. Their music is often compared to the works of bands like H\u00FCsker D\u00FC and Mudhoney. They were founded in 1983 by former Mission of Burma and Molls drummer Peter Prescott, the only founding member of the Suns to remain until their break-up in 1991. Original members include the aforementioned Peter Prescott as drummer and vocalist, and Gary Waleik and Steve Michener who would leave before the release of the first Suns album to form Big Dipper. Prescott then added Jeff Weigand on bass guitar and Jon Williams on guitar. This second line-up actually created the band's debut The Bright Orange Years (1985) as well as its follow up, All Night Lotus Party (1986), both released on the now-defunct Homestead Records. In 1987, Bob Weston and Chuck Hahn replaced Weigand and Williams respectively for Bumper Crop, the band's final release on Homestead. Other contributors included Roger Miller on piano and Gary Waleik on sitar. In 1988, the band moved to Greg Ginn's SST Records for their 4th release, Farced. The line-up however was the same as on Bumper Crop, including Miller on piano and Waleik on sitar. 1989 brought their most experimental release, Thing of Beauty, also on SST, on which David Kleiler replaced Chuck Hahn on guitar. This would be the Volcano Suns' final line up. The band moved to Chicago-based indie label Quarterstick Records for their final release, Career in Rock in 1991. The album was engineered by Steve Albini, who would later work with Bob Weston in their band Shellac. The Volcano Suns also doubled as the Din, the backing band for Dredd Foole (a.k.a. Dan Ireton). The Din are identified as Din Wanna (Prescott), Bonus \"The Bone Man\" McGinty (Weigand) and Webb Finga (Williams), and The Kaiser (Kenny Chambers from Moving Targets) on \"Eat My Dust Cleanse My Soul\" (Homestead, 1985). The follow-up album \"Take Off Your Skin\" (PVC, 1988) is identified by Mr. Foole as the same line-up as the previous album.
Dopamine Records is an independent record label with national and international distribution based in Cambridge, Massachusetts and is part of what is known as the Dopamine/Amalagate Family. The label's most recognized releases are from Akimbo, Bluebird, Baltimoroder, DJ Die Young, The Year of Our Lord, Stephen Brodsky, Caspian (band), and Hooray For Earth. Currently, the Dopamine Staff includes CEO/owner Alexander Maniatis, Victor Hebert, a life-long music aficionado, at the helm of the label's interactive and digital music operation, and Josh Briggs head of management and also integrally involved with media relations and artist relations.
Sopa paraguaya is a traditional Paraguayan food. Literally meaning \"Paraguayan soup,\" sopa paraguaya is similar to corn bread. Corn flour, pig fat, cheese and milk or whey are common ingredients. It is a spongy cake rich in caloric and protein content. According the Paraguayan folklorist Margarita Mir\u00F3 Ibars, sopa paraguaya is \"the product of Guaran\u00ED-Spanish syncretism. The Guaran\u00EDes used to consume doughy food made of corn or manioc flour, wrapped in g\u00FCembe or banana leaves and cooked between hot ashes. The Spanish introduced cheese, eggs and milk, which were added to the food made by the Guaran\u00EDes... \" Sopa is similar to another corn based Paraguayan typical dish, chipahuazu or chipaguazu, except that the latter is made with fresh corn. The consistency is a little bit more like a cheesy souffle and less like a savory cornbread.
Howard Vollum, (1913\u20131986) an engineer, scientist, and philanthropist, was the co-founder of Tektronix Corporation, and endowed the Vollum Institute.
Charles A. Armbruster (August 30, 1880 \u2013 October 7, 1964) was noted for his career as a backup catcher in Major League Baseball who played with the Boston Red Sox (1905-1907) and Chicago White Sox (1907). He batted and threw right-handed. A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ambruster shared catching duties with Lou Criger for the Red Sox in part of three seasons. In 1906 he appeared in a career-high 72 games and hit .144 (21-for-201) In a three-year career, Ambruster was a .149 hitter (53-for-355) with 24 runs and 12 RBI in 131 games Ambruster died in Grants Pass, Oregon at the age of 84.
David Wiltse is an American playwright. He currently writes plays, but has also written a dozen novels and numerous screenplays and teleplays. He is the current playwright in residence at the Westport Country Playhouse. His recent works include The Good German, A Marriage Minuet, and Hatchetman. Wiltse is married to Anne Keefe, the Westport Country Playhouse's former Associate Artistic Director. His most successful novels featured FBI Agent John Becker. The series included Prayer For The Dead, Close To The Bone, The Edge Of Sleep, Into The Fire, Bone Deep, and Blown Away.
George Edwin Lord (February 17, 1846 - June 25, 1876) was a U.S. Army Assistant Surgeon in the 7th Cavalry who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn in Montana Territory during the Black Hills War. Lord was born in Massachusetts and graduated from Bowdoin College. He attended medical school and moved west to serve in the U.S. Army at various forts and outposts. He entered into another contract with the U. S. Army in January 1875 and was made a first lieutenant in the 7th Cavalry, posted in Fort Abraham Lincoln in the Dakota Territory. During the Great Sioux War, he accompanied Lt. Col. George Armstrong Custer's column towards the Little Bighorn River, where he was killed in action. Dr. Lord's body was not positively identified by the first burial crews, and he was initially listed by General Alfred H. Terry and others as missing in action. Captain Otto E. Michaelis and Lieutenant Richard E. Thompson, however, later contacted Lord's brother with their belief that a body sighted on the field had been the doctor's, based on a blue shirt the corpse was wearing as well as \"the shapely hands, the moustache, and general appearance. \" Michaelis also thought the socks on the corpse were from the same set of three pairs Lord had earlier purchased from a trader at Powder River. Based on this new information, three months after the battle Terry recommended that Lord's status be changed to killed in action. However, there is no marker with Lord's name at the Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument that specifically marks this reported death site. In 1890, a marker for Lord was placed on the so-called South Skirmish Line, based on the discovery there of buttons that were thought to be part of a staff officer's uniform which doctors would wear. Lord's surgical kit eventually was recovered from the Indians and sent to the Army's medical museum.
Dr. James Madison DeWolf (January 14, 1843 \u2013 June 25, 1876) was an acting assistant surgeon in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn. Born in Mehoopany in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, DeWolf was a farmer prior to the American Civil War. In August 1861, he enlisted in the Union Army in the 1st Pennsylvania Artillery at the age of 17. He first saw combat at the First Battle of Bull Run. He was promoted to Corporal, but was severely wounded in the arm and discharged in October 1862. He re-enlisted in September 1864 in Battery A, 1st Pennsylvania Artillery, serving in that battery until his discharge on June 14, 1865. Following the war, he became an enlisted man in the Regular Army's 14th U.S. Infantry and entered Harvard Medical School, graduating in June 1875. He became a contract surgeon later that year with the 7th Cavalry at Fort Abraham Lincoln in the Dakota Territory. In the spring of 1876, he was assigned to Major Marcus Reno's battalion. A letter to his wife is the only first-hand account of Reno's scouting expedition to the Black Hills. Dr. DeWolf was killed June 25 during Reno's retreat from the wood to \"Reno Hill\". He and his orderly had made the difficult crossing of the buffalo ford and for some reason, were going up a side path in a coulee. As DeWolf reached the top of the coulee, he was shot. He was initially buried on the battlefield near where he fell, then moved to the National Cemetery. As an officer, Dr. DeWolf's remains were exhumed and returned to his family in 1877. He was reinterred in Woodlawn Cemetery in Norwalk, Ohio. Evan S. Connell, in Son of the Morning Star, stated that there is only one photograph known of him.
Jo Bender is a beauty queen from Minnesota who has competed in the Miss America pageant and is a meteorologist and television reporter. Bender was chosen Miss Minnesota 1992 at the age of 22. She competed at the 1993 Miss America Pageant and was selected as a talent winner for her performance on the fiddle. Bender became one of the most traveled Miss Minnesota in the pageant's history, performing a self-esteem program thousands of elementary school students during her year as Miss Minnesota. Bender holds a certificate in Broadcast Meteorology from Mississippi State University and a degree in Broadcasting from St. Cloud State University. She began her career as an intern at KTTC-TV in Rochester in 1990 and was hired there as a weekend weather anchor. Following her year as Miss Minnesota 1992, Bender spent one year as a missionary for Merge Ministries in Reynosa, Mexico where she assisted churches along the border in building youth programs and facilitated mission trips for churches. Bender returned to television in 1994, working for WAOW-TV in Wasau, Wisconsin. She was then hired at KMSP-TV in Minneapolis as a weekend weather anchor and reporter. One year later, she was hired at KSTP-TV where she worked until 2003 as meteorologist, weekend morning show host, and reporter. Bender remains active in the Twin Cities as a freelance meteorologist and reporter, currently working for KARE-TV in Minneapolis. She also travels as an inspirational speaker, presenting talks on faith and a spirit-filled life. She lives in the Twin Cities with her husband and children.
Daniel Dwain Schoonover (October 8, 1933 &ndash; July 10, 1953) was an enlisted soldier of the United States Army during the Korean War and a posthumous recipient of the Medal of Honor at the Second Battle of Pork Chop Hill. He was killed in action July 10, 1953 and is buried in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, Honolulu, Hawaii. Although his body is buried in Hawaii there is a cenotaph at Morris Hill Cemetery in Boise, Idaho.
Marine Fighting Squadron 313 (VMF-313) was a reserve fighter squadron in the United States Marine Corps. They were a part of the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing and stationed at Naval Air Station New York. Also known as the \u201CLily Packin' Hellbirds\u201D, they fought in World War II mainly during the Philippines Campaign, 1944-45. The squadron was decommissioned sometime during the 1950s.
Marine Fighting Squadron 141 (VMF-141) was a reserve fighter squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron fought most notably as part of the Cactus Air Force during the Battle of Guadalcanal in World War II and they also saw service during the Korean War.
Meghan Coffey is a beauty queen from New Berlin, Wisconsin who competed in the Miss America pageant in 2007. Coffey was raised in New Berlin, Wisconsin and upon graduation from high school, she attended Marquette University where she received her Bachelor of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering in May 2006.
Grupo Saker-Ti was Guatemalan writers group formed in 1947. The name derives from the Cakchiquel language word for \"dawn. \" Because they were left-wing ideologues who supported the democratically elected presidents of Guatemala Juan Jos\u00E9 Ar\u00E9valo and Jacobo Arbenz Guzm\u00E1n, a December 1952 United States Central Intelligence Agency report stated that \"one of the oldest and most consistently prominent of the front groups is Grupo Saker-Ti, an organization formed by militant young intellectuals associated with the leftist-nationalist Revolution of 1944. \" The movement disbanded and many of its members fled Guatemala following the 1954 Operation PBSUCCESS that overthrew the government. Grupo Saker-Ti members included: Julio Fausto Aguilera (b. 1929), poet Huberto Alvarado (1927-1974), poet, politician Melvin Ren\u00E9 Barahona (1931-1965), poet Abelardo Rodas Barrios (1930-1988), poet Carlos Navarrete (b. 1931), writer, anthropologist Ra\u00FAl Leiva (1916-1975), poet Werner Ovalle L\u00F3pez (1928-1970), poet Oscar Arturo Palencia (1932-1981), writer Roberto Paz y Paz (1927-2004), journalist Rafael Sosa (b. 1928), poet Olga Mart\u00EDnez Torres, (b. 1927), poet Jos\u00E9 Mar\u00EDa L\u00F3pez Valdiz\u00F3n (1929-1975), writer Orlando Vitola (1922-1952), writer Enrique Palmer (b. 1934), writer and poet.
Jimmy \"Browntown\" Boyle (January 19, 1904 in Cincinnati, Ohio \u2013 December 24, 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio), a catcher for the 1926 New York Giants, has the distinction of having the shortest known major league baseball career. Although Boyle is only one of about 900 ballplayers who have played in only a single major league game, he is distinguished by having played for only one inning, the ninth inning of a game against Pittsburgh in June of that year (which the Giants lost 8-0). After three outs, Boyle never got to bat and never played again; he is even further distinguished by having never played in the minors, moving straight to the Giants from college, and retiring from baseball completely at the end of his one-inning season. He later went on to make his famous New York City steakhouse called The Browntown Beefery.
Tamara Hext is a beauty queen from Texas who has competed at Miss America. Hext won the title Miss Texas 1984, after competing in that pageant as Miss Arlington. She went on to become a finalist in the nationally televised Miss America pageant that same year. Hext is best known for her Jack LaLanne commercials in the late 80's.
George E. Dixon (1837? - February 17, 1864) was a first lieutenant in the Confederate Army in the American Civil War. He is best known as the commander of the Confederate submarine H.L. Hunley during her successful mission to sink the Union blockading ship USS Housatonic off Charleston, South Carolina.
Hercules Computer Technology, Inc. was formed in 1982 in Fremont, California, by Van Suwannukul, and was one of the major graphics card companies of the 1980s. Its biggest product was the MDA-compatible Hercules Graphics Card and associated standard, which was widely copied and survived into the 1990s. The company also produced CGA compatible cards, and also tried to go head-to-head with EGA with the unsuccessful (and now rare) Hercules InColor Card. The company declined in the 1990s with the rise of firms such as ATI Technologies, sales falling to just $20 million in 1998. It was acquired by ELSA in August 1998 for $8.5m; ELSA also assumed all of Hercules' debts. ELSA entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy the following year and the Hercules brand was purchased by the French-based Guillemot Corporation for $1.5m. Hercules became a general brandname for Guillemot cards based on nVIDIA parts before eventually switching to ATI Technologies. In 2004 Guillemot announced it would cease to produce graphics cards and announced plans to attach the name to AV software and other products. Today, Hercules/Guillemot offers PC imaging, audio, and wireless technology products.
Curtido (pronounced coor-tee-doe) is a type of cabbage relish, lightly fermented. In Salvadoran cuisine, it resembles sauerkraut and is usually made with pickled cabbage, onions, carrots, and sometimes lemon juice. It is commonly served alongside pupusas, the national delicacy. In Mexican cuisine, curtido consists mainly of pickled carrots mixed with onions and chile peppers (usually jalape\u00F1o). It is used to accompany virtually any dish and is commonly found at numerous taquer\u00EDas.
Vhayu Technologies - Los Gatos, California based manufacturer of high-speed datastorage product (Velocity). Velocity is used for high-volume financial tick data capture, storage, and analysis.
Champ\u00FAs is a drink popular in southwest Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, made with maize, fruits such as lulo (also known as naranjilla), pineapple, quince or guan\u00E1bana, sweetened with panela and seasoned with cinnamon, cloves and orange tree leaves. In Peru it is drunk warm, and apple, guan\u00E1bana and quince is used instead of lulo. It is sold in the streets by a champusera, a typical figure of Lima's landscape, generally Afro-Peruvian, who passes down the recipe to younger generations. In Ecuador it is prepared with maize flour, panela and green leaves from the lemon tree. It is a drink in funeral rites in November or the funerals of adults because the indigenous tradition considers it a favorite of the dead. In Colombia, crushed maize is used, in addition to panela, lulo, pineapple, cinnamon, cloves and leaves of the orange tree. In the regions of the south, such as the Departments of Nari\u00F1o and Cauca, it is considered mainly a drink for Christmas. In Nari\u00F1o it is prepared also with leaves of cedr\u00F3n and congona. In the Department of Valle del Cauca it is served very cold it is popular at any time. In some regions of Peru and southern Colombia, the drink is made with mote, cooked maize that makes the champ\u00FAs thicker; in these regions, it is consumed as dessert.
Francis X. Lauterbur (born August 8, 1925 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was a college football coach, most notably at the University of Toledo. He also coached at the University of Iowa and as an assistant in the NFL.
Charles W. (C. W. ) Jensen is a retired Captain of the Portland Police Bureau in the U.S. state of Oregon. Jensen was also a regular commentator on the FOX television series World's Wildest Police Videos. He also appeared on other police-related programs including American Detective and World's Scariest Police Chases, which first aired in 1991 and 1997 respectively.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 334 (VMFA-334) was a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron. Known as the \u201CFalcons\u201D, they were part of Marine Aircraft Group 15 and Marine Aircraft Group 33. They participated in action during World War II and the Vietnam War and were decommissioned in 1971.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 321 (VMFA-321) was a United States Marine Corps fighter squadron consisting of F/A-18 Hornets . Known as \"Hell\u2019s Angels\u201D, the squadron participated in action during World War II and was then transferred to the Marine Forces Reserve. The squadron was decommissioned on September 11, 2004.
BT Counterpane, formerly Counterpane Internet Security, Inc. , is a company that sells managed computer network security services. The company was founded by famous American cryptographer Bruce Schneier in August 1999. Their \"Enterprise Protection Suite\" is a service package that includes network scanning, security device management and consulting services based on their \"Managed Security Monitoring\" service. The company was acquired by BT Group on 25 October, 2006.
Douglas Keith \"Doug\" Nussmeier (born December 11, 1970 in Portland, Oregon) is a football coach, currently the quarterbacks coach at Washington under head coach Steve Sarkisian. Nussmeier was a reserve quarterback in the NFL for five seasons in the mid-1990s, spending four years with the New Orleans Saints and one with the Indianapolis Colts. During that time, he played in only eight regular-season NFL games, and threw for only one touchdown. He is one of only 32 left-handed quarterbacks to play in the NFL. In 1998, Nussmeier spent part of training camp with the Denver Broncos, but was released prior to the regular season. He finished his playing career with the BC Lions of the CFL in 2000, and became their quarterbacks coach in 2001. In 2002, he became the quarterbacks coach and de facto offensive coordinator of the Ottawa Renegades. He was the quarterbacks coach for John L. Smith, his college coach, at Michigan State for three seasons (2003-05) before moving on to the NFL, where he was the quarterbacks coach under head coach Scott Linehan for the St. Louis Rams for two seasons. He was hired as the offensive coordinator at Fresno State in 2008, replacing Jim McElwain, who left to coach at Alabama under Nick Saban.
[The Outdoor Church] The Outdoor Churchis an outdoor ministry to homeless men and women in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It offers prayer services and pastoral assistance outdoors in all seasons and all weather in order to be accessible to men and women who, because of shame or embarrassment, hostility or illness, cannot or will not enter conventional churches. It takes the church to those who cannot or will not reach it on their own. \"Cambridge's newest church ministers to this flock in their own space, with only the sky for a roof. \" Rich Barlow, The Boston Globe.
Fredericton-Fort Naswaak was an electoral district returning members to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for three elections: 1995, 1999 and 2003. It was created in the 1994 electoral redistribution taking in the eastern most portions of the city of Fredericton taking about half of its territory from each of Fredericton North and Fredericton South on either side of the St. John River. It elected Liberals Greg Byrne and Kelly Lamrock in the 1995 and 2003 elections respectively but elected Progressive Conservative Eric MacKenzie by a narrow margin in 1999 when his party swept the province winning 80% of the seats. The district was abolished in the 2006 electoral redistribution when the Boundary Commission expressed a desire to use the St. John River as a natural boundary between districts. Somewhat confusingly though, the commission re-used the name Fredericton-Fort Nashwaak for a new district wholly on the north side of the St. John River using all of the territory from that side of the river from this district as well as substantial portions of Fredericton North and Grand Lake.
Loveless was a Boston-based indie rock band. Releasing records on Q Division, the band was composed of Dave Wanamaker and Pete Armata, both of the 1990s rock band Expanding Man, Jen Trynin, and Tom Polce from Letters to Cleo.
Marine Wing Liaison Kadena (MWLK) is a United States Marine Corps logistics and liaison unit based at Kadena Air Base on Okinawa, Japan. They fall under 1st Marine Aircraft Wing and III Marine Expeditionary Force
The Stuttgart Scorpions are a American football-team in Stuttgart, Germany, currently the 11th ranked team in Europe. The Scorpions will celebrate the 25th Anniversary of existence in 2007.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 31 (MALS-31) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the \"Stingers\", they fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 31 (MAG-31) and 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW) and are currently based at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort.
2nd Low Altitude Air Defense Battalion (2nd LAAD) is an air defense unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are part of Marine Air Control Group 28 (MACG-28) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW) and are currently based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 12 (MALS-12) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the \"Marauders\", they fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 12 (MAG-12) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW) and are currently based at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 24 (MALS-24) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the \"Warriors\", they fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 24 (MAG-24) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW) and are currently based at Marine Corps Base Hawaii.
1st Stinger Battery was an air defense unit of the United States Marine Corps. They were part of Marine Air Control Group 18 (MACG-18) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1st MAW) and were based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Okinawa, Japan. On December 7, 2006, Headquarters Marine Corps released a message stating that 1st Stinger would be deactivated during 2007. The battery was officially deactivated on September 28, 2007.
All Souls was an American television program broadcast on UPN, first aired in 2001. It was a horror-drama series about a haunted Boston hospital called All Souls Hospital, and it followed doctor Mitchell Grace's quest to find out the truth about the hauntings that dated as far back as the civil war. The program was canceled in late August 2001 due to low ratings. All Souls Hospital's lower levels used to be a mental asylum, and are haunted by ghosts of dead patients. The ghosts notably include Lazerous, an orderly who has been benevolently haunting the hospital since his days working with Dr. Ambrosius after the Civil War The series occasionally reaires on Syfy. All Souls is currently airing on NBC Universal's horror and suspense-themed cable channel, Chiller.
Trevor Kirk Wilson, is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1988-1993, 1995, and 1998. Wilson graduated from Oregon City High School in Oregon City, Oregon, where he now resides. He originally enrolled at Oregon State University out of high school, but only attended for one term before deciding to turn pro, never playing for the Beavers. On June 7, 1992, Wilson struck out three batters on nine pitches in the ninth inning of a 5-2 win over the St. Louis Cardinals. Wilson became the 18th National League pitcher and the 27th pitcher in Major League history to accomplish the nine-strike/three-strikeout half-inning. Wilson coached the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes from 2000-2003. He is currently the pitching coach for the Tempe Angels.
The 3rd Low Altitude Air Defense Battalion (3rd LAAD) is an air defense unit of the United States Marine Corps. It is part of Marine Air Control Group 38 (MACG-38) and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW) and is currently based at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California.
Daniel Ralph Iassogna (born May 3, 1969 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an umpire in Major League Baseball. He joined the major league staff in 2004 and wears uniform number 58. Prior to pursuing umpiring, Iassogna earned a BA in English from the University of Connecticut. His professional umpiring career began in 1992, and he advanced to the International League in 1998. He umpired his first major league game in 1999, and worked as a fill-in for vacationing or injured major league umpires for the next four seasons. In 2004, Iassogna was promoted to the major leagues to replace the retired Steve Rippley. He umpired in the postseason in only his second year as a full-time major league umpire, working in the 2005 American League Division Series, and again in the 2007 ALDS. For the 2007 season, Iassogna's crew included Ron Kulpa, Dale Scott and Paul Emmel.
Samuel Howell Ashbridge (December 5, 1848, Philadelphia \u2013 March 1, 1906) was the mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from April 3, 1899 to April 5, 1903. The Republican candidate, he received 145,778 votes, over 84% of the vote (total of 172,940 votes). Some highlights of his tenure as mayor include proposing what would become Roosevelt Boulevard and throwing the ceremonial first pitch at the first baseball game played at Columbia Park. He is buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Jon Oliva's Pain (sometimes referred to as JOP) is the latest project of former Savatage co-founder and frontman Jon Oliva.
Qu'Appelle was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created as a single member electoral district by royal proclamation in 1883. In 1885 the riding was mandated to return two members to the Assembly. In 1888 the riding was split into North Qu'Appelle and South Qu'Appelle. The redistribution was caused by the North-West Representation Act 1880 passing through the Parliament of Canada.
Edmonton was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created by royal proclamation in 1883 and abolished in 1905. In 1888 the riding returned the top two candidates after it was merged with the St. Albert electoral district. The district was reverted back to a single member constituency and split to recreate St. Albert in 1891 and stayed that way until it was dissolved in 1905.
Macelod was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created by royal proclamation in 1885 and abolished in 1905 when the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan were created.
Moose Mountain was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created by royal proclamation in 1884 and abolished in 1888. The riding was abolished during redistribution after the North-West Representation Act passed through the Parliament of Canada.
Broadview was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created by royal proclamation in 1883 and abolished in 1888 when the electoral districts were redistributed under the North-West Representation Act after it passed through the Parliament of Canada in 1888.
Moose Jaw was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories, Canada. The riding was created by royal proclamation in 1883 and abolished in 1905 when Alberta and Saskatchewan were created.
George Fleming Davis (March 23, 1911 &ndash; January 6, 1945) was a United States Navy officer and a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for actions during World War II.
Cadet Memorial Field is an outdoor athletic facility on the campus of the United States Coast Guard Academy, on the banks of the Thames River in New London, Connecticut. The stadium hosts the Academy's football and soccer teams, and, owing to the dramatic view of the river, is regarded as one of the most picturesque venues in New England small college football. The Academy competes in NCAA Division III. The stadium was originally named Jones Field, in honor of Cadet Henry L. Jones, the first Coast Guard cadet to die on active duty. The facility now honors all those who have died during their time as cadets. The stadium has hosted its share of prominent individuals, including NFL hall-of-famer Otto Graham, who prowled the sidelines as head coach of the football team for seven seasons, from 1959 to 1966. During this time, the stadium hosted one undefeated squad in 1963, which represented the only undefeated, untied regular season in Academy history. The facility also alternates (with Captain Tomb Field in Kings Point, New York) as site of the annual Secretaries Cup game between the Coast Guard Academy and the United States Merchant Marine Academy (known until the Coast Guard's move to the Department of Homeland Security in 2003 as the \"Secretary's Cup\" game). In 2004, thanks in part to a generous donation from the CGA class of '53, the Academy installed a state-of-the-art FieldTurf surface at the stadium.
Gail M. Kelly (1933-2005) was an American anthropologist known for training generations of anthropologists at Reed College in Portland, Oregon. She was born February 9, 1933, in Deer Park, Washington, and after her mother's death was raised by relatives in Portland. She attended Reed as an undergraduate, studying under Morris Opler and David H. French, graduating in 1955. Her B.A. thesis, Themes in Wasco Culture, was based on fieldwork on the Warm Springs Indian Reservation under French's supervision. She pursued a Ph.D. in anthropology at the University of Chicago, where she was strongly influenced by Edward Shils and Fred Eggan. She completed an M.A. thesis on Northwest Coast Indians under Eggan and then shifted to a focus on Africa and on British social anthropology. She did fieldwork in Ghana and Britain beginning in 1958 and received her Ph.D. in 1959. She taught at Reed from 1960 until her retirement in 2000. Although she did not remain an active fieldworker or continue to publish, she trained approximately 50 students who went on to pursue Ph.D. s in anthropology. Her interests and coursework focused on \u00C9mile Durkheim, Max Weber, witchcraft, the anthropology of religion, millennialism, Melanesia, and consumption. She died August 17, 2005, in Portland.
Michael Liebel, Jr. (December 12, 1870 \u2013 August 8, 1927) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania. Michael Liebel, Jr. was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Canisius College in Buffalo, New York. He was an accountant in the office of the New York, Chicago &amp; St. Louis Railroad at Buffalo for five years. He returned to Erie and engaged in the hardware business, and later organized and was secretary-treasurer of a brewery company. In 1911, he organized and became president of the Vulcan Rubber Company. He served as mayor of Erie from 1906 to 1911. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions of 1908, 1912, 1916, 1920, and 1924. Liebel was the Democratic representative of the 25th District of Pennsylvania to the Sixty-fourth Congress from 1915 to 1917. He was not a candidate for renomination. He resumed his former business activities, and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1927. Interment was at Trinity Cemetery in Erie.
Steven L Herman, is the South Asia bureau chief for the Voice of America. He is to become North Asia bureau chief, based in Seoul, later in 2010. Prior to his arrival in India in early 2007, Herman was a VOA correspondent based in Tokyo. During his 17 years in Japan he also contributed on-air reports and analysis to others broadcast news networks including: AP Radio, BBC, CBC, CBS News, CNN, Deutsche Welle, Public Radio International and RTHK Radio 3. Herman's articles, columns and opinion pieces have been published in numerous newspapers and magazines, including the Far Eastern Economic Review, Harvard Summer Review, Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Japan Times, Popular Communications, Proceedings, Radio World, Skyward, Shukan Bunshun, South China Morning Post and the Wall Street Journal.
Ann Charters was born on November 10, 1936 in Bridgeport, Connecticut. She is a professor of English at the University of Connecticut and has been interested in Beat Writers since 1956 when as an undergraduate English major she attended the repeat performance of the Six Gallery Poetry reading in Berkley where Allen Ginsberg gave his second public reading of Howl. It was here that she first met Jack Kerouac. She began collecting books written by beat writers when she was a graduate student at Columbia University, and after completing her doctorate she worked with Jack Kerouac to compile his bibliography. After his death she wrote the first Kerouac biography \"Kerouac\" - 1973, unique as she was the only biographer he co-operated with. She also edited his posthumous collection \"Scattered Poems\". She has written a literay study of Charles Olson and biographies of black entertainer Bert Williams and (with her husband) the Russian Poet Vladimir Mayakovsky. She was the general editor of the two volume encyclopedia \"\" and has published a collection of her photographic portraits of well known writers in the book \"Beats &amp; Company\" She is married to writer Samuel Charters, a noted musicologist.
Max Wilk, is an American playwright, screenwriter and author of fiction and nonfiction books. Formerly a resident of Ridgefield, Connecticut, he moved to Westport, Connecticut, where he now lives. In the 1960s, he wrote the novelization of The Beatles' cartoon Yellow Submarine. His fiction includes Don't Raise the Bridge, Lower the River; the movie version starred Jerry Lewis and shifted the locale from \"Green Haven\" (based on Ridgefield) to London, England. On the original bookjacket is the warning: While the locale of this book is Connecticut, it has nothing of importance to say about Suburbia, Exurbia, the Exploding Metropolis, or the stifling wave of Middle Class Conformity which, it is augured, will soon engulf the whole of Fairfield County. In the '90s, he published a coffee-table book tracing the origins of the musical Oklahoma! Later he wrote Schmucks with Underwoods--Conversations with Hollywood's Classic Screenwriters.
Barbara Ann \"Bobbie\" Margolis (October 4, 1929 &ndash; July 3, 2009) was an American prisoners' rights advocate who served as the official greeter of New York City under the administration of Mayor of New York City Ed Koch. She established Fresh Start, a program under which inmates at Rikers Island receive culinary training from professional chefs.
Marine Observation Squadron 7 (VMO-7) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II. They were active for a year and a half during which time they saw action during the Battle of Okinawa. The squadron was quickly deactivated following the end of the war.
Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 28 (MTACS-28) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. They provide the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wings tactical headquarters and command other units within Marine Air Control Group 28.
Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 18 (MTACS-18) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. They provide the 1st Marine Aircraft Wings tactical headquarters and command other units within Marine Air Control Group 18 when deployed.
Marine Wing Communications Squadron 18 (MWCS-18) is a United States Marine Corps communications squadron. The squadron provides expeditionary communications for the aviation combat element of the III Marine Expeditionary Force. They are based at MCB Camp Foster and fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 18 and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing. Although a subordinate squadron of MACG-18, MWCS-18 is considered a 1st MAW asset and therefore serves to augment the entire 1st Marine Air Wing with communications support.
Robert J. Hite, II is an American professional basketball player, formerly of the NBA's New Jersey Nets and Miami Heat. He is currently playing for Montegranaro in Italy.
Terri Lyne Carrington (born 1965 in Medford, Massachusetts) is a jazz drummer, composer, and record producer. She has played with jazz legends Dizzy Gillespie, Stan Getz, Clark Terry, Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Joe Sample, Al Jarreau, and many more. She has toured with each of Hancock's musical configurations (from electric to acoustic) between 1997 and 2007. In 2007 she was appointed professor at her alma mater, Berklee College of Music, which is also where she received an honorary doctorate in 2003.
The Release is a alternative-rock-reggae band from Boston. Their sound combines the raw energy of punk, the musicianship and soul of classic rock and blues, combined with catchy hook-filled songs that mix elements of everything from progressive rock to reggae. They have been compared to The Police, Elvis Costello, No Doubt, 311 and Incubus.
Fireflight is an American Christian rock band formed in Eustis, Florida in 1999. The band is signed by Flicker Records. They have played in Shoutfest, Revelation Generation, and have been featured on The Scars Remain tour with Disciple, Family Force 5, and Decyfer Down. While touring, they wrote their second album, Unbreakable (2008), and released their first single off the album \"Unbreakable\". They performed at Winterjam 2010 and released their third full-length album For Those Who Wait in February.
The Multiverse Network, Inc. is an American startup company creating a network and platform for Massively Multiplayer Online Games (MMOGs) and 3D virtual worlds. Multiverse's stated aim is to lower the barrier of entry for development teams by providing a low-cost software platform for online game and virtual world development. In 2009, the company extended its development platform to support Flash and built a series of real-time multiplayer games to demo the technology. As part of the worldwide marketing effort behind James Cameron's AVATAR film, Multiverse built two Flash-based games, one with McDonald's and another with Coca-Cola Zero. Both games allow players to explore Pandora, where much of the film takes place.
Michael B. Fossel, M.D. , Ph.D. is a professor of clinical medicine at Michigan State University and editor of the Journal Of Anti-Ageing Medicine who is best known for his views on telomerase therapy as a possible treatment for cellular senescence. Fossel has appeared on many major news programs to discuss aging and appears regularly on National Public Radio (NPR). He is also a respected lecturer, author, and the founder and former editor-in-chief of the Journal of Anti-Aging Medicine (now known as Rejuvenation Research). Prior to earning his M.D. at Stanford Medical School, Fossel earned a joint B.A. (cum laude) and M.A. in psychology at Wesleyan University and a Ph.D. in neurobiology at Stanford University. He is also a graduate of Phillips Exeter Academy. After graduating from medical school in 1981, he was awarded a National Science Foundation fellowship and taught at Stanford University. In addition to his current position at Michigan State University, Fossel has lectured at the National Institute for Health, the Smithsonian Institution, and at various other universities and institutes in various parts of the world. Fossel is a fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians, a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Gerontological Society of America, the American Society on Aging, and the American Geriatrics Society, and serves on the board of directors for the American Aging Association. Fossel has written numerous articles on aging and ethics for the Journal of the American Medical Association and In Vivo, and a book by Fossel entitled Reversing Human Aging was published in 1996. The book garnered favorable reviews from mainstream newspapers as well as Scientific American and has since been published in six languages. An academic textbook by Fossel entitled Cells, Aging, and Human Disease was published in 2004 by Oxford University Press. Since his days as a teacher at Stanford University, Fossel has studied aging from a medical and scientific perspective with a particular emphasis on premature aging syndromes such as progeria, and since at least 1996 he has been a strong and vocal advocate of experimenting with telomerase therapy as a way of treating diseases, disorders, and syndromes such as progeria, Alzheimer's disease, atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, cancer, AIDS, and organic senescence (i.e. , aging). However, he is careful to qualify his advocacy of telomerase therapy as being a potential treatment for these conditions rather than a \"cure for old age\" and a panacea for age-related medical conditions, albeit a potential treatment that could radically extend the maximum human life span and reverse the aging process in most people. Specifically, Fossel sees the potential of telomerase therapy as being a highly effective point of intervention in a wide variety of medical conditions.
JJ Grey &amp; MOFRO (formerly billed just as Mofro) is a soul/funk/R&amp;B/blues/southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida composed of JJ Grey, Daryl Hance, Anthony Farrell, Anthony Cole and the \"Hercules Horns\" Dennis Marion, Art Edmaiston and Andrew Trube.
Christopher Seeley (born September 15, 1987) is the mayor of Linesville, Pennsylvania. Born on September 15, 1987, Seeley is among the youngest mayors of U.S. cities to serve to date. He ran against long-time Linesville Borough Council Member Kevin McGrath. Seeley was nominated for Mayor as a Democrat at age 17, on May 17, 2005, while attending Linesville High School as a Junior. He was advised by party officials he could seek the nomination since he would turn 18 by the November 8, 2005 general election, which he won. At the time, he was a senior at Linesville High School. Two other 18-year-olds were elected to mayoral positions the same day, Michael Sessions of Hillsdale, Michigan (also born in September 1987) and Sam Juhl of Roland, Iowa. Seeley is now a student at Allegheny College where he is a music and political science double major. He plays the tuba. Seeley won re-election to a second four-year term on November 3, 2009.
George Finkle was a candidate in the 1986 and 1988 elections for the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Manitoba, Canada. On both occasions he stood as the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba candidate for the eletoral district of Seven Oaks but did not win.
White Witch was a glam rock/psychedelic/hard rock band from Tampa, Florida that made two albums with Capricorn Records in the early 1970s. Their name was a paean to \"white magic\", contrary to the \"black magic\" of groups like Black Sabbath. As the band announced before their shows: \"To bring good where there once was evil, to bring love where there once was hate, to bring wisdom where there once was ignorance; this is the power of White Witch\". The group was inducted into the Florida Musicians Hall of Fame's Florida Music Honor Roll .
My Friend Steve, with frontman Steven Burry, was a band hailing from Orlando, Florida. \"Charmed\", released on their 1998 album Hope &amp; Wait, was their only single which charted. The single appeared on Billboard's 1999 Modern Rock Chart, peaking at number 38. The song also reached the Adult Top 40 charts, peaking at #30. The music video for \"Charmed\" featured actress Selma Blair. That same year, the band released a live performance version of its song \"All in All\" on the charity album Live in the X Lounge II. The band consisted of Steven Burry on vocals, Eric Steinberg, Dave McMahon, Pat Koch and drummer Eric Gardner.
Rocky Carroll (born July 8, 1963) is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Joey Emerson on the FOX comedy-drama Roc, as Dr. Keith Wilkes on the medical drama Chicago Hope, and as Leon Vance on the CBS drama NCIS and its spinoff '.
John Sencio is an American television host, journalist, actor, and former MTV VJ. He currently resides in New York and Los Angeles, according to his official website. Sencio is a graduate of Emerson College, where he studied television and film. John Sencio grew up in Holliston, Massachusetts. Prior to working in television he was a counselor for young people with emotional and behavioral disorders. He was a popular VJ for four years during the mid-1990s. He hosted a number of shows on MTV including Rude Awakening, which aired music videos from 6AM to 7AM in the morning. He was known for writing his own skits and interviewed a number of celebrities, from music artists to movie stars such as Mel Gibson and Halle Berry. Although he remained under contract to Viacom (MTV's Parent Company) until 1998, John Sencio was released in April 1997 as part of a shake up at MTV. The dramatic shake up occurred when MTV tried to refocus more on music instead of VJs and game shows. Most other VJs that were on the channel at the time were also released. John Sencio had a lower profile on television for a period after leaving MTV. During this time he did star in a short lived sitcom for Warner Brothers. He also had hosting stints on Simplify Your Life for the Fine Living Network, 48 Hour Wedding for PAX television network, and Movie Buzz for the Fox Entertainment Group. According to IMDB, Sencio had bit parts in motion pictures as well. It is implied on his official website that this phase was a result of focusing on personal projects ranging from independent film to music. John Sencio is cancer survivor. According to The Cancer Survivors Network, it was during this early phase of his career that Sencio underwent chemotherapy and radiation therapy for Hodgkin's Lymphoma. He was treated at NYU Medical Center, in New York City. On the The American Cancer Society website site Sencio is described as having a \u201Cmiraculous\u201D recovery. Mr. Sencio returned to higher profile roles on television in the mid-2000s. In 2004 and 2005, he was an anchor and reporter for a nationally syndicated reality show, produced by NBC, called Home Delivery. This program was a blend of Daytime Talk, Broadcast Journalism, and making dreams come true. Home Delivery was re-launched in 2009 on the ION Network. According to an article on Wellness. com John Sencio began a private Life Coaching practice in Los Angeles following Home Delivery. In 2006, along with his current series, Mr. Sencio hosted numerous television specials as well as guest anchored the national news program The Daily Buzz. Sencio currently hosts a show on Home &amp; Garden Television (HGTV) called Cash in the Attic. The show is modeled on the BBC show of the same name. On the reality show, homeowners try to sell old or unused items in their home at auction. Sometimes the items sell for more than the estimate, sometimes less. This American version of Cash in The Attic premiered in the fall of 2005 and currently airs 5 days a week.. According to NBC Universal's Home Delivery website, Sencio is married and has children.
Simucad is a provider of circuit simulation and CAD software tools used in the design of analog, mixed-signal, and RF integrated circuits. The company was incorporated in Delaware in June 2004 as a spin-off from Silvaco Data Systems. Simucad acquired ownership all of Silvaco's simulation and CAD products and intellectual property, most notably the SmartSpice circuit simulator.
The Rock City Angels started out in the early 1980s as the punk rock band \"The Abusers\", the product of singer Bobby Bondage and original bassist Andy Panik's chance meeting at a late night showing of the movie \"The Decline of Western Civilization\".
Sarah Jacobson (August 25, 1971, Norwalk, Connecticut \u2013 February 13, 2004 New York City) was an independent filmmaker, writing, producing, and filming her own movies.
Dr. James Douglas Blackwood (12 November 1881 &ndash; 9 August 1942) was a doctor and officer in the United States Navy in both the First and Second World War.
Erin Chambers (born September 24, 1979) is an American actress commonly known for her roles in LDS films. She has made guest appearances in a number of television shows. Erin received a BFA in acting from Brigham Young University. Chambers is a Latter-day Saint and has been married to Carson McKay since 2002.
Molly Pesce (aka Molly Scott) is an American actress. She is the host of Animal Planet's Backyard Habitat. She was also one of the co-hosts of the daytime talk show, iVillageLive in its first season in Orlando. Pesce was also Miss Florida in 1986. She graduated from Lake Brantley High School in Altamonte Springs, Florida, in 1981, and attended the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida.
Boys Like Girls is an American pop rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, who gained mainstream recognition when they released their self-titled debut album Boys Like Girls. They were the co-headliners with Good Charlotte for the Soundtrack of Your Summer Tour 2008 that toured across the U.S. The group's second studio album Love Drunk, was released on September 8, 2009.
Marine Transport Squadron 1 is a light transport aircraft squadron of the United States Marine Corps. Also known as the \"Roadrunners\", the squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and falls under Headquarters and Headquarters Squadron (H&amp;HS). In addition to its military search and rescue duties, VMR-1 also serves the local community with its medical evacuation and search and rescue capabilities.
Oakwood was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created for the 1975 provincial election, and was retained until redistribution in 1999. It was abolished into Davenport, Eglinton\u2014Lawrence, York South\u2014Weston and St. Paul's. Oakwood was located in York, which was previously part of Metropolitan Toronto and is now part of the City of Toronto. Oakwood was a fairly safe seat for the New Democratic Party for most of its existence, although the Liberals won in 1987 and 1995. Both Liberal MPPs, Chaviva Ho\u0161ek and Mike Colle, served in the Ontario cabinet at one time or another. The longest-serving member for Oakwood was Tony Grande, who held the seat from 1975 to 1987. Tony Rizzo, elected in 1990, was forced to sit as an Independent MP for twenty months after it was disclosed that his construction firm had been charged with violating Ontario's labour code in 1989. He returned to caucus in 1992. The riding had large Italian and Portuguese communities, and there was a significant increase in Caribbean immigrants during the 1980s.
London Centre was an Ontario provincial electoral district in the 1975, 1977, 1981, 1985, 1987, 1990 and 1995 Ontario elections. It was former Premier David Peterson's riding. It was located in London, Ontario.
East 34th\u2013Campus Station is station on the RTA Rapid Transit system in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, serving the Red, Blue and Green Lines. It is located just east of East 34th Street near the intersection of East 34th and Broadway, on the north side of the CSX railway tracks, and below the bridge that carries East 34th Street over the railway tracks. The station is somewhat unusual in that it combines a high-level platform rapid transit station with a low-level platform light rail station. The low-level island platform is located on the northwestern end of the station adjacent to East 34th Street, and the high-level island platform extends southeastward from it. Both the light rail and the heavy rail subway cars share the station. Although the station bears the name \"Campus,\" it is somewhat of a misnomer as the Cuyahoga Community College campus is not a convenient walk from the station. The station does offer bus connections to that campus as well as to Cleveland State University. It also provides convenient service for those working at the Main Post Office.
Green Road Station is a station on the Green Line of the RTA Rapid Transit in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is the eastern terminus of the Green Line. The station is located below street level in the enlarged median of Shaker Boulevard at the intersection of Green Road in Shaker Heights. The station includes a large open parking area which extends to West Green Station.
Carlos Kalmar (born February 26, 1958 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan conductor. He began violin studies at age six. At age fifteen, he enrolled at the Vienna Academy of Music where his conducting teacher was Karl \u00D6sterreicher. In 1984, he won first prize in the Hans Swarowsky Conducting Competition in Vienna. Kalmar has been music director of the Hamburger Symphoniker (1987-1991), the Stuttgart Philharmonic (1991-1995), and the Anhaltisches Theater in Dessau, Germany. He was principal conductor of the Tonk\u00FCnstlerorchester, Vienna from 2000 to 2003. Since 2000, Kalmar is the principal conductor of the Grant Park Music Festival in Chicago. He is also music director of the Oregon Symphony, since 2003. In April 2008, the orchestra announced the extension of Kalmar's contract as music director to the 2012-2013 season. Kalmar and his wife Britta have two daughters, Svenja and Katja. Kalmar's parents are Austrian.
Nicholas Longworth was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1783. In 1804 he moved to Cincinnati, Ohio where he became a banker and a successful and wealthy merchant. Nicholas pursued the study of law under Jacob Burnet, one of Cincinnati's first millionaires. He was the founder of the Longworth family in Ohio. He became interested in grapes; he established grape culture as a successful venture on the hills adjoining the city of Cincinnati. So successful was he that he has been called the Father of American Grape Culture. The growing tide of German immigrants coming down the Ohio Valley to Cincinnati liked his wine. Longworth had latched on to his market, the new German immigrants wanted an affordable, drinkable table wine to continue with the traditions of their homeland and he was virtually the only game in town. Not only was he a pioneer and leading horticultural expert in his section, but he was recognized as an authority in national horticultural matters. His writings, though individually short and now out of date, exercised a wide influence in his day. He married Susanna Howell, three years his junior, daughter of Silas and Hannah (Vaughan) Howell, on Christmas Eve, 1807. His beautiful Greek Revival villa, then on the eastern edge of Cincinnati, is now the Taft Museum of Art in Cincinnati. He died in 1863, leaving an estate worth nearly $10,000,000.
Alfred Traber Goshorn (July 15, 1833 &ndash; 1902) was a Cincinnati, Ohio businessman and booster who served as Director-General of the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia. That was the first world's fair in the United States and so resounding a success that Queen Victoria knighted Goshorn and the crowned heads of Europe weighed him down in medals.
The Ontario Liberal Party won 48 of 125 seats in the 1985 Ontario provincial election, emerging as the second-largest party in the legislature. They later formed a minority government with outside support from the Ontario New Democratic Party. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages. Information on others may be found here.
The Communist Party of Canada - Ontario fielded a number of candidates in the 1985 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Charles L. Kelly was a United States Army helicopter pilot during The Vietnam War. Major Kelly was the Commanding Officer of the 57th Medical Detachment from 11 January 1964 until he was killed in action on 1 July of the same year while trying to evacuate a wounded American advisor along with several ARVN wounded. He is considered the founder of Dustoff. Kelly was a legend in his own time, being called \"Crazy Kelly,\" and \"Mad Man,\" for his willingness to fly into danger to rescue the wounded. Kelly often flew missions at night, claiming that all the times he had been hit had been during daylight.
Daniel Schaeffer Kemp (born October 20, 1936) is an American chemist. He is a professor of chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is best known for being the author of a widely-used organic chemistry textbook.
Muzzy Field is a stadium in Bristol, Connecticut. The ballpark, which is adjacent to the city's Rockwell Park, was built in 1939 and has a capacity of 4,900 people. It is used for high school sports, primarily baseball and football. Currently three high schools employ the field: Bristol Central High School, Bristol Eastern High School, and Saint Paul Catholic High School. The stadium's charm is drawn, in part, from both the ring of tall pine trees that line the outside of the outfield wall and the brickfaced grandstand. Muzzy Field was the home of the Double-A Bristol Red Sox of the Eastern League from 1972 to 1982. Former Boston Red Sox stars Jim Rice, Fred Lynn, and Butch Hobson honed their skills while members of the \"BriSox. \" The ballpark also housed the old Bristol Owls of the Class-B Colonial League in 1949 and 1950, as well as various amateur baseball teams, notably the Bristol En-Dees and the local American Legion team. The Bristol Nighthawks, a now defunct franchise of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, played their home games at Muzzy Field during the 1994 and 1995 summer seasons. Muzzy Field was the site of the Big East Conference baseball championship tournament for a number of years in the 1980s and 1990s. In 2004 the stadium was also the site of an American Idol audition. (See The Bristol Press, August 7, 2004. ) A local, though probably apocryphal, legend holds that Babe Ruth hit the first home run in Muzzy Field when traveling with a barnstorming baseball team in the late 1930s or early 1940s. Muzzy Field is also the location of the annual \"Battle for the Bell\" contested by the two city public high schools, Bristol Eastern and Bristol Central. The two meet annually on Thanksgiving morning, with the winner holding claim for the bell for the following year.
Beehive Field is a stadium in New Britain, Connecticut. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of the New Britain Red Sox (Boston Red Sox AA affiliate) from the time of their move to the city in 1983 until the parent club moved the affiliate to Trenton, New Jersey for the 1995 season. Beehive Field was also the home of the New Britain Rock Cats (Minnesota Twins AA affiliate) for the 1995 season, before the opening of New Britain Stadium (next door) in 1996. Beehive Field is now used primarily by New Britain High School baseball and softball teams. The ballpark has a capacity of 4,700.
Albert Thomas Harris (August 29, 1915 - November 12, 1942) was a lieutenant in the Naval Reserve who served during World War II. Lt. (jg) Harris was a posthumous recipient of the Navy Cross.
Simeon Arthur Huston (December 10, 1876 &ndash; December 11, 1963) was the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Olympia from 1925 to 1947. During his episcopate bankers foreclosed on the cathedral church of the diocese, but he led a successful effort to pay off the indebtedness.
Alvin Chester Cockrell, Jr. was born in Hazelhurst, Mississippi, on September 18, 1918, and was enlisted in the Marine Corps Reserve on May 1, 1937.
The Ontario Liberal Party ran a full slate of candidates in the 1981 provincial election, and won 34 seats to emerge as the official opposition party in the legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
For other people named Daniel Adams, see Daniel Adams (disambiguation). Daniel Adams (September 29, 1773 &ndash; June 8, 1864) was a noted physician, textbook author, and state legislator. He was born in Townsend, Massachusetts to Daniel Adams and Lydia Taylor Adams in 1773. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1797, and received his M.D. in 1799. He married Nancy Mulliken in 1800, and began the practice of medicine in Leominster, Massachusetts that same year. He was chosen to deliver the eulogy for George Washington at the memorial service in Leominster. With Salmon Wilder he published the weekly newspaper Telescope from 1800 through 1802. Around 1805, he moved to Boston, Massachusetts, taught at a private school, and edited the monthly magazine Medical and Agricultural Register. In 1813, he moved to Mont Vernon, New Hampshire, and returned to the practice of medicine. He served in the New Hampshire Senate from 1838 through 1840. Later, in 1846, he moved to Keene, New Hampshire, where he remained until his death in 1864. His books include: The Scholar's Arithmetic (1801), The Understanding Reader, or Knowledge before Oratory (1805), Geography, or a Description of the World, (1814), 2nd edition in 1816, The Monitorial Reader (1841), Primary Arithmetic, (1848), and Bookkeeping (1849).
Marine Wing Communications Squadron 28 (MWCS-28) is a United States Marine Corps communications squadron. The squadron provides expeditionary communications for the aviation combat element of the II Marine Expeditionary Force. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 28 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Several independent candidates contested the 1977 Ontario provincial election, although none were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
The Communist Party of Canada - Ontario fielded a number of candidates in the 1977 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
The Ontario Liberal Party, ran a full slate of candidates in the 1977 provincial election, and elected thirty-four candidates to emerge as the Official Opposition in the provincial legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Irving Day Wiltsie (14 November 1898 &ndash; 24 November 1943) was an officer in the United States Navy.
John Vincent Johnston of Cincinnati, Ohio, entered the United States Navy, during the American Civil War, in September 1861. He served as First Master on the gunboat St. Louis. He assisted in the Union gunboat attacks that captured strategic Fort Henry on the Tennessee River 6 February 1862. The night of 1 April 1862 he was the Navy commander of a combined Army-Navy boat expedition from St. Louis, Missouri which landed and spiked the guns of Fort No. 1 above the Confederate stronghold, Island No. 10. He was promoted to Acting Volunteer Lieutenant for gallantry in this expedition. After joining in the bombardments of Vicksburg, Miss. , he took command of Forest Rose to patrol the Mississippi River and its tributaries. On 15 February 1864 his gunboat repelled the attack of confederate raiders, saving the town of Waterproof, La. , and its federal garrison. Lt. Johnston resigned from the naval service 23 June 1864 and died 23 April 1912 at St. Louis, Missouri.
Mark J. Sullivan is the current Director of the United States Secret Service. Sullivan succeeded W. Ralph Basham and was sworn in as the 22 Director of the Secret Service on May 31, 2006.
Several independent candidates contested the 1975 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Cheater Slicks is a three-man garage punk band formed in Boston in 1987. The members are Tom Shannon (guitar, vocals), Dave Shannon (guitar), and Dana Hatch (drums, vocals). They toured with Jon Spencer Blues Explosion in 1995. The band relocated to Columbus, OH, in 1996 and is still active. They played their 20th anniversary show on Sept. 1, 2007. They have released several albums on In the Red Records.
Lencola Sullivan was is a beauty queen from Morrilton, Arkansas who has competed in the Miss America pageant. Sullivan won the Miss Arkansas title in July 1980 and represented Arkansas in the Miss America 1980 pageant held later that year in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Sullivan became the first African-American woman to win preliminary awards in the pageant and was also the first to place among the top five, where she was fourth runner-up. Sullivan became a news reporter on KARK-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas and later moved to New York City where she dated Stevie Wonder for a short period of time.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1975 provincial election, and won 51 of 125 seats to form a minority government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
John Earl Warren, Jr. (November 16, 1946 &ndash; January 14, 1969) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of America's highest military decoration &mdash; the Medal of Honor &mdash; for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Daniel Kountz (born October 16, 1978 in Portland, Oregon) is an American actor. He got his first taste of acting in the third grade, when he played \"Tiny Tim\" in a school play. He now resides in Los Angeles, CA.
David Biespiel (born February 18, 1964) is an American poet who was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, raised in Houston, Texas, and educated at Stanford University, University of Maryland, and Boston University. He is the founder of The Attic Writers' Workshop in Portland, Oregon, an independent literary studio that has provided creative writing workshops to more than 350 writers annually since 1999.
Freddie Miller was an American boxer from Cincinnati, Ohio. Freddie Miller was one of the very best featherweight boxers of the 1930s, and was named to Ring Magazine's list of the 80 Best Fighters of the Last 80 Years. Miller fought Phil Zwick and beat him by KO in West Virginia. Miller also fought Tommy Paul three times in 1931. In the first two fights Miller beat Paul by decision in Cincinnati. The third fight Tommy would beat Miller by unanimous decision in Buffalo, New York. Also in 1931 Miller had his first title shots for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title, and the World Featherweight Title fighting the Battling Battalino. Miller would go on to lose the match by decision in Cincinnati. Miller went on to face the Battling Battalino in what was one of the most strangest fights of his career. The fight was for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title, and the World Featherweight Title. In the fight Miller would knock down Battling twice in the 3rd round only to have the referee Lou Bauman help Battling up to his feet. When Battling would not defend himself Bauman called the fight a no contest. Battling was fined $5,000 for the fiasco. Battalino would also be stripped by NYSAC on Jan 8 but it did not take effect until March 1, 1932. Miller would go to fight Tommy Paul for a 4th time. This time Miller beat Tommy for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title at the Chicago Stadium where he won by unanimous decision. Following the match he fought Baby Arizmendi who was the California State World Featherweight Title and Miller was the National Boxing Association World featherweight title. The match was title for title. Miller won the match by decision at the Olympic Auditorium. Miller lost two fights that were not for the title though. The first fight he lost to Abie Israel by decision in Seattle. The second fight he lost to Baby Arizmendi by decision in San Francisco. Miler also beat Petey Sarron by unanimous decision in Virginia. Miller fought Jose Girones two times in Spain. Miller won the first fight and won by DQ. The second fight for Miller's title he knocked out Jose. Miller would go on to fight the legendary Panama Al Brown in France where he would win by decision. Miller faced Tommy Paul two more times to make their fight total to 6 times. the 5th time Miller lost to Tommy by DQ at the Olympic Auditorium. The sixth and final fight between them Miller won by decision at Legion Stadium. Miller successfully defended his title 12 times. In the rest of his title fights he beat Abie Israel in a rematch, Jackie Sharkey, Paul Dazzo, Nel Tarleton, Jose Girones, Nel Tarleton a second time, Vernon Cormier, Johnny Pena, Baby Arizmendi, Gene Espinosa, and Petey Sarron. Miller would go on to lose the National Boxing Association World featherweight title to Petey Sarron by decision in Florida. Miller faced Phil Zwick in South Africa where Miller would KO Zwick. Miller had a rematch with Petey Sarron for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title in South Africa. Miller lost by decision. Miller had one last title shot of his career against Leo Rodak for the World Featherweight Title the Maryland state version. Miller lost the fight by decision. In his last big fight of his career Miller lost to Sammy Angott. Miller fought Tommy Paul six times, more than any other boxer he has faced. Miller's record against Tommy was 4-2-0.
The three Hollister brothers were sailors in the United States Navy during World War II, who were killed in 1943. Unlike the Sullivan brothers, they were not all in the same unit. Lyle Eugene Hollister, born 6 July 1923 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, enlisted in the Navy 26 March 1941 at Minneapolis, Minn. Radioman Second Class Hollister first served in Prairie (AD-15) before being assigned to Plunkett (DD-431) and Relief (AH-1). After duty at the Naval Station, Key West, Fl. , Hollister was reassigned to Plunkett. He was reported missing in action as result of an engagement of Plunkett with enemy aircraft during the assault on Anzio, September 1943. Two years younger than their brother, Lyle, twins William Howard Hollister and Richard Jerome Hollister were born 22 November 1925 at Sioux Falls, S. Dak. They enlisted in the Navy 2 March 1943 at Minneapolis. Both were serving in Liscome Bay (CVE-56) when that carrier was torpedoed in the Gilbert Islands area 24 November 1943. William died from wounds received in this action; Richard was reported missing and presumed dead. All three brothers were posthumously awarded the Purple Heart.
Matthew Leonard (November 26, 1929&ndash;February 28, 1967) was a United States Army soldier who received America's highest military decoration \u2014 the Medal of Honor \u2014 for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Donald Roy Johnson (born November 12, 1926 in Portland, Oregon) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. The 6'3\", 200 lb. right-hander was signed by the New York Yankees before the 1944 season, and he played for the Yankees (1947, 1950), St. Louis Browns (1950-1951), Washington Senators (1951-1952), Chicago White Sox (1954), Baltimore Orioles (1955), and San Francisco Giants (1958). Johnson made his major league debut on April 20, 1947, starting game 2 of a doubleheader against the Philadelphia Athletics at Shibe Park. He was the winning pitcher in the 10-inning, 3-2 Yankee victory, and went on to have a 4-3 record for the 1947 World Series Champions. Johnson pitched both as a starter and in relief during his long, well-traveled career. His best season was in 1954 with the White Sox. He won 8, lost 7, had a 3.12 earned run average, and finished in the American League Top ten in games pitched, saves, and shutouts. Career totals include a record of 27-38 in 198 games, 70 games started, 17 complete games, 5 shutouts, 62 games finished, 12 saves, and an ERA of 4.78. He had a rather high WHIP of 1.580 in 631 innings pitched. Johnson led the International League with 156 strikeouts and a 2.67 ERA while playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1953. He was voted the IL's most valuable pitcher in 1957.
Judith McConnell (born April 6, 1944 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actress, best known for her role as Sophia Wayne Capwell on the TV series Santa Barbara, on which she appeared from 1984 to 1993. McConnell was a former Miss Pennsylvania 1965, and competed in the 1966 Miss America pageant. She started her acting career in a 1967 episode of Judd, for the Defense. She later played short-term recurring roles on The Beverly Hillbillies in 1969 and Green Acres in 1970 and 1971. McConnell played Valerie Conway on As the World Turns from 1976 to 1979. In addition to the series listed above, McConnell has guest-starred on numerous television series throughout the years and some films. She recently appeared in a commercial for IKEA and The Weather Man in 2005.
Marine Medium Tiltrotor Training Squadron 204 (VMMT-204) is the MV-22 Osprey training squadron of the United States Marine Corps. Known as the \"Raptors\", the squadron was originally designated Marine Medium Helicopter Training Squadron 204 (HMT-204) to train new CH-46E pilots and was officially redesignated as VMMT-204 on June 10, 1999. They fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW).
James H. Robinson (died July 26, 1864) was a Union Army soldier who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War.
Spoonful is a blues band based out of Tampa Bay, Florida, led by singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, Tony Weber.
John Francis (Jack) Bushelman (August 29, 1885 \u2013 October 26, 1955) was a pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds (1909) and Boston Red Sox (1911-1912). Bushelman batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. In a three-season career, Bushelman posted an 1-2 record with 13 strikeouts and a 3.38 ERA in 26-2/3 innings pitched, including two complete games. Bushelman died in Roanoke, Virginia, at the age of 70.
NeoEdge Networks is a Silicon Valley based technology and in-game advertising company that enables casual game publishers and developers to deliver television-like commercials within their products - frequently in the context of free-to-consumer casual game play. NeoEdge currently powers advertising for a variety of game publishers including Yahoo. NeoEdge has provided services to game publishers in other areas - it pioneered both peer-to-peer game distribution (to reduce costs of distributing games) and in-game advertising (to help increase consumer game play and monetization).
Earth Opera was an American psychedelic rock group, active during 1967-1969 and featuring Peter Rowan and David Grisman.
Stephen Heywood (April 13, 1969 &ndash; November 26, 2006) was an American builder and self-taught architect, specializing in the renovation of old houses. He was diagnosed with ALS in 1998, at the age of 29. He was the subject of His Brother's Keeper, written by the Pulitzer Prize winning author Jonathan Weiner, and the documentary film, So Much So Fast, which premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. Stephen Heywood was a catalyst in the ALS research field, driving scientists and leaders to find effective treatments for ALS patients. He is survived by his wife, Wendy (Stacy) Heywood and son, Alexander Stephen Heywood; two brothers, James Heywood, and Benjamin Heywood, co-founder of a website for patients with ALS and other life-changing illnesses, PatientsLikeMe. com. ; and his parents, John Heywood, Sun Jae Professor of Mechanical Engineering, and Peggy (Gilkerson) Heywood. Stephen lived in Newton, Massachusetts with his wife and son until his death at age 37. He died from a detached respirator in November 2006.
Frank Piccolo (1923 - September 19, 1981) was a caporegime in the Gambino crime family in Bridgeport, Connecticut who became involved in a famous extortion case with singer Wayne Newton. Newton turned to Piccolo for help with threats he was receiving from other organized crime figures in his effort to purchase the now-demolished Aladdin Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Piccolo and his cousin Guido Penosi were charged with conspiring to extort money and 'valuable rights' from Newton and entertainer Lola Falana. When the National Broadcasting Company broke the story, Newton sued them and lost. Piccolo was central in the libel case Piccolo was reportedly killed on the orders of Paul Castellano, then Gambino family boss. Piccolo was killed because he had become embroiled in a power struggle with Connecticut's Genovese crime family. This feud threatened lucrative constructions rackets the Gambino family held with the Genovese family.
The Amsterdam Crusaders are an American Football club from Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Together with the Rotterdam Trojans and Alphen Eagles, Amsterdam Crusaders are the oldest surviving Dutch American Football club.
Aguapanela or agua de panela is a drink native to southern Central America and northern South America. It literally means \"panela water\" as it is an infusion made from panela which is a hardened, concentrated syrup from the cane. It is fairly common in Colombia and Ecuador.
Vince Mendoza (born November 17, 1961) is a music arranger and composer. Mendoza was born in Connecticut and studied guitar as a child, influenced by classical music, soul and jazz. He then took up the trumpet which he continued to play throughout his time at The Ohio State University, where he played in the Jazz Ensemble and the Concert Band. Vince also led his own big band at Ohio State called the Vince Mendoza Big Band where he honed his composing skills. He graduated in music composition from Ohio State University with a B.M. degree in 1983. He then did graduate studies in composition at the University of Southern California. He was signed to Blue Note Records, with whom he released \u201CStart Here\u201D and \u201CInstructions Inside\u201D. His compositions have been covered by Gary Burton, Pat Metheny, Michael Brecker and Charlie Haden and Mendoza has frequently provided arrangements for their work, as well as for Randy Brecker, Peter Erskine, and others. Mendoza's interest extends to various musical styles and he has produced and arranged for singers as diverse as Robbie Williams, Bj\u00F6rk, Elvis Costello, and two Grammy Award winning albums, Travelogue and Both Sides Now with Joni Mitchell.
TrueRoots is an organization and production company founded by a group of students and alumni of Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. Formed in 2005, the members of TrueRoots devote themselves to the advancement of cross-cultural awareness via the collaboration of diverse minds and media striving to foster an understanding of cultural identity in global society. Its members work in fields varying from film and audio production to journalism, marketing, non-profit and international relations.
Eliakim Sherrill (February 16, 1813 &ndash; July 4, 1863) was an antebellum United States Congressman from the state of New York and a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was mortally wounded during the Battle of Gettysburg defending against Pickett's Charge.
John Edward Kilmer (August 15, 1930 &ndash; August 13, 1952) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of America's highest military decoration \u2014 the Medal of Honor \u2014 for his actions in the Korean War.
Sergeant William Nelson, United States Army, earned the Medal of Honor at daybreak of April 24, 1943. William L. Nelson was born in Delaware, possibly in 1918. Enlisting on January 9, 1941, he trained at Fort Dix, New Jersey. He served in action with the 60th Infantry Regiment, 9th Infantry Division.(1).
The BentProp Project are volunteers whose common goal is gathering information that can lead to the location, identification and repatriation of remains of U.S. service members who were killed in action in the Republic of Palau (in the western Pacific) during WWII, and who are still listed as missing in action. The effort was begun in 1993 by Dr. Pat Scannon. The BentProp team members have backgrounds in SCUBA diving, aviation (with particular focus on WWII-vintage aircraft) and the history of American WWII involvement in the Pacific. The BentProp team works closely with the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command, a joint-services organization based at Hickam Air Force Base in Honolulu, Hawaii. Basically, the BentProp team attempts to locate and identify sites that are associated with known U.S. MIAs, and to provide sufficient information about those sites to JPAC to help them justify mounting official recovery missions. Of the roughly 200 U.S. aircraft and their crews shot down in Palau between late March 1944 and August 1945, about half crashed outside Palau's barrier reef in water that is several thousand feet deep, putting their location and recovery well beyond the technical capability and resources of the BentProp Project. But there are still nearly 100 planes with crash sites thought to be on some of Palau's 200 or more islands, or in relatively shallow water inside the barrier reef. These sites are the targets of BentProp Project's research and field expeditions. Not affiliated with or sponsored by any private or governmental agencies, BentProp team's volunteers do extensive research at the College Park, Maryland research facility of the National Archives and Records Administration and at various military archives around the world. They also conduct interviews with surviving service members, often at such gatherings as Squadron Reunions, and interviews with Palauan elders who were alive in Palau during the Japanese occupation. The team's field work is done in Palau during yearly expeditions that are usually about a month in duration. Because many U.S. aircraft shot down in Palau in 1944-1945 crashed in surrounding waters, the BentProp team has done extensive underwater searching (all team members are skilled SCUBA divers), using such tools as a towed caesium magnetometer. The team also does extensive land searches in the jungles of Palau, to follow up leads generated through local interviews and the team's archival research. Success to date includes the location and identification of many previously unknown U.S. crash sites, both underwater and on land. After a 10-year search, for example, in 2004 the BentProp team located the underwater crash site of a B-24 shot down near the Palauan capital city of Koror on 1 September 1944. This aircraft carried a crew of 11, three of whom parachuted out successfully only to be captured, interrogated, and executed by the Japanese. Location of the remains of the other eight B-24 crew members who went down with the aircraft was the objective of three recovery teams from JPAC, which mounted recovery missions to the underwater site in 2005, 2007, and 2008. Remains were recovered during all three of these JPAC missions, and the site was officially \"closed\" at the end of the 2008 mission, in the sense that JPAC believes that they have located all recoverable remains associated with the site. In early 2009, JPAC announced that they had recovered remains of all eight of the B-24's crew members. They were able to positively identify five of those eight, and over the course of the spring and summer of 2009, the remains were returned to their families. JPAC was convinced that they also recovered remains of the other three, but there was insufficient structural and DNA information to determine which was which, so the three were buried in a group ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in the fall of 2009. The BentProp team continues to actively seek the execution/burial site of the three B-24 crew members who parachuted out of the stricken aircraft but were immediately captured by the Japanese. Considerable progress toward that end was made during (and in extensive archival research prior to) the 2009 expedition; you can read portions of a summary report about the search for the POWs' burial site at the BentProp Project Web site. To date, JPAC has sent recovery teams including forensic anthropologists, archaeologists, and Navy divers to investigate several sites that were located and identified by the BentProp team. Some sites have yielded remains, which have been returned to JPAC's forensic lab in Hawaii for identification. The BentProp team's 2009 expedition ran from 18 February through 12 March. While the team was in the field, they posted more-or-less daily progress reports on the BentProp Project Web site. In June 2007, a documentary was released about BentProp's efforts over the years. The film focuses on several family members of the crews of three of the aircraft that have been located and identified by the BentProp team - aircraft that were the objective of a total of five JPAC recovery missions. You can learn more about the film, which is titled \"Last Flight Home,\" by visiting the Last Flight Home Web site.
AirMagnet is a Wi-Fi wireless network assurance startup based in Sunnyvale, California. The firm was founded in 2001 by Dean T. Au, Chia-Chee Kuan and Miles Wu and shipped its first WLAN analyzer product in 2002. In August 2006, the company shipped the Vo-Fi Analyzer, the first voice-over-Wi-Fi analyzer that can be used on encrypted VoWLAN networks. It is backed by venture capital firms such as Intel Capital, Acer Technology Ventures and VenGlobal. The startup manufactures and sells a suite of wireless site survey tools, laptop analyzers, spectrum analyzers, handheld analyzers, network management and troubleshooting solutions, as well as wireless intrusion detection systems and wireless intrusion prevention systems products and VoWLAN instruments.
Colin Branch (born March 2, 1980 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football free safety who plays for the NFL and is a free agent. Graduated from Carlsbad High School in 1998, he was drafted out of Stanford in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft by the Panthers. He signed with the Raiders on June 8, 2007 and released by them on August 28, 2007. He is currently married to the former April Sage of North Charleston, SC and they have three children together, son Kendrick, daughter Sage, and son Aaron
Marine Fighting Squadron 155 (VMF-155) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps in World War II. During the war, they flew the SBC Helldiver and, after reconstitution in 1943, the F4F Wildcat. The squadron, also known as \u201CReady Teddy\u201D was deactivated shortly after the war and is still inactive.
Marine Night Fighter Squadron 544 (VMF-544) was a night fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps activated during World War II. They flew the F6F-5N Hellcat and although they trained for over a year they never made it into combat. The squadron was deactivated April 20, 1946, and remains inactive until today.
Michael \"Mickey\" Sherman, a criminal-defense attorney who has represented some famous clients, often appears as a legal analyst on cable television talk shows. The Greenwich, Connecticut native, who has offices in Stamford, Connecticut, represented Michael Skakel in his murder trial. After Skakel was found guilty, some members of Skakel's family blamed Sherman for losing the case and as a result, Mr. Sherman is not part of the pending Skakel appeal. He has frequently appeared as a commentator on MSNBC, CNBC, Court TV, Fox News, and CNN, and has been employed as a legal analyst on CBS News, appearing on the CBS Early Show and CBS Evening News.
David Deveau (born 1953) is an American classical pianist. Born in Concord, Massachusetts, he has appeared as soloist with the Boston Symphony and Boston Pops Orchestras, the San Francisco, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Minnesota, Houston, Miami, Pacific and Portland Symphony Orchestras, and many regional orchestras in the United States and abroad. He made his New York debut in 1982 at Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall, and has performed solo and chamber music recitals at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art, Merkin Hall and The Town Hall; the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. , and Benaroya Hall in Seattle. He made his debut solo tour of China in 2004-5. He is Artistic Director of Rockport Music (Massachusetts), and serves on the music faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
TM2/c Andrew Jackson Kirksey and MoMM2/c Harold W. Marney were the two crew members of John F. Kennedy's PT-109 who were lost when the boat was struck at night by a Japanese destroyer. Marney was 19 from Springfield, Massachusetts. Kirksey was a torpedoman from Reynolds, Georgia, a father at 25. They were the only two of the crew of 15 who did not survive the incident. In the movie PT-109, the crew keeps on calling out the names of these two, the only reference to them being lost. The National Geographic TV special names the two and their full titles, their pictures, and where they were from.
Lyres (sometimes miscredited as The Lyres) are a Boston-area alternative rock musical group led by Jeff \"Monoman\" Conolly. Lyres were founded in 1979 following the breakup of DMZ. Their most popular songs included \"What A Girl Can't Do\" and \"Help You Ann\". The original lineup of the band featured DMZ guitarist J.J. Rassler. Former DMZ members Rassler, Rick Coraccio, Paul Murphy, and Peter Greenberg had rejoined Connolly in Lyres over the course of their existence (from 1979 to the early 2000s) . Miriam Linna, former drummer of The Cramps and The A-Bones, played in Lyres in 1986. Stiv Bators of The Dead Boys and Lords of the New Church, and Wally Tax of The Outsiders also recorded with Lyres in the late 1980s. Lyres were less active in the 1990s, due to Conolly living in California and in Europe for brief periods of time. After a renewed period of activity in the early 2000s, the band went through another dormant period up until 2005. The band has been playing regularly during the last two years. Conolly is the only member who has been in every lineup during the large number of personnel changes that Lyres have gone through over the years.
Deborah D. Blumer (October 18, 1941 \u2013 October 13, 2006) was a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from Framingham. She served in the House from 2001 until her death. Blumer was graduated magna cum laude from Framingham State College, and subsequently earned an MBA with distinctions from the Simmons College Graduate School of Management. Prior to her election to the House in 2000, she worked for several businesses, including Compaq. In the House, she served on the Joint Committee on Higher Education, the Joint Committee on Children and Families, and the Joint Committee on Public Health. Initial reports indicated that Blumer suffered a heart attack while driving. She was pronounced dead at MetroWest Medical Center, and is survived by her husband, children, and grandchildren. She was 5 days shy of her 65th birthday. Blumer was a staunch supporter of Israel and Jewish causes. Her funeral was held at Temple Beth Am in Framingham. Although she was nearly one month deceased as of the Massachusetts House elections, 2006, the Democrats were unable to replace her as their candidate due to filing deadlines. Running post-mortem, she came in third in the election, garnering 20% of the vote behind two write-in candidates. Write-in candidate Democrat Pam Richardson succeeded her, winning 37% of the vote.
Iva Shepard (23 April 1886, Cincinnati, Ohio - 26 January 1973, Arcadia, California) was an American silent film actress. Late in her career, Iva gave guest appearances on the hit TV show I Love Lucy.
John Joseph Mitchell was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. He was born in Marlboro, Massachusetts on May 9, 1873. He attended public schools, Boston College, and the Albany Law School. Mitchell was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Marlboro. He was elected a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and served in the Massachusetts State Senate. He was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Charles Q. Tirrell and served from November 8, 1910, to March 3, 1911. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress, but was elected to the Sixty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John W. Weeks and served from April 15, 1913 to March 3, 1915. He was again an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress. Mitchell served as United States Marshal for Massachusetts during World War I. He was a collector of internal revenue for the district of Massachusetts 1919-1921, and practiced as an attorney in Boston until his death on September 13, 1925. His interment was in Immaculate Conception Cemetery in Marlboro.
Charles Ernest Hosking, Jr. is a Medal of Honor recipient, who was recognized with the nation's highest military honor for events that took place as a United States Army Sergeant First Class in Phuoc Long Province, Republic of Vietnam, on March 21, 1967. He was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for holding a Viet Cong prisoner with a live grenade, taking the brunt of the blast rather than allowing the prisoner to reach several of his commanders. He was promoted posthumously the rank of Master Sergeant.
Mudcrutch is a Southern rock band from Gainesville, Florida best known for being the forerunner of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
Several independent candidates contested the 1981 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. This page contains information on these candidates.
Peter Humphries Clark (March 29, 1829 in Cincinnati, Ohio \u2013 June 21, 1925) was one of Ohio\u2019s most effective black abolitionist writers and speakers. He became the first teacher engaged by the Cincinnati black public schools in 1849, and the founder and principal of Ohio\u2019s first public high school for black students in 1866. Because of these accomplishments, he was named the nation\u2019s primary black public school educator. He was also widely recognized for being a political activist who empowered black voters in Ohio. Peter\u2019s father, Michael Clark, was a successful barber and sent his son to private schools because of the absence of public schools. After his father\u2019s death in 1849, Peter took over the barber shop for a short time. Later that same year black schools were authorized by the Ohio legislature. This was largely due to the efforts of Peter\u2019s uncle, John Gaines. Peter became the first teacher in the black school. He was fired in 1853 by the white Board of Education for publicly praising Thomas Paine. During the next four years, Peter was an abolitionist publisher, editor, writer, and speaker. He participated in the Ohio Conventions of Colored Men, and edited and published his own weekly newspaper. He was appointed secretary of the 1853 National Convention of Colored Men, by Frederick Douglass. In 1854 he married Francis Ann Williams. In 1857 he was rehired by the black trustees of the colored schools and made principal of the Western District School in Cincinnati. He became principal of Gaines High School in 1866 and held that post until 1886, when he was fired on political grounds. He left Cincinnati in 1887 to serve as principal of the Alabama State normal and Industrial School, and in 1888 went to St. Louis where he taught at the segregated Sumner High School for twenty years. In 1878 he ran for congress on the Socialistic Labor Party ticket, one of the partys first congressional candidates. He ran in Ohio's 1st congressional district, garnering 275 votes, or 1.09%..
Sonnee Ruben Cohen is a former businessman and candidate for political candidate in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He campaigned in numerous municipal elections, and was an independent candidate in the 1967 provincial campaign. Cohen was a trustee with B'nai B'rith in the 1940s, and later served on the executive of the Toronto's Herzl Zion Club in the 1950s.
The Green Party of Manitoba (GPM) fielded fourteen candidates in the 2003 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page. The party received a total of 3,792 votes. The GPM also fielded a candidate in a 2005 by-election. Information about that candidate has been included on this page.
Elizabeth Leigh \"Lizzie\" Horton was Miss North Carolina 2006. She is a 2002 graduate of Westchester Academy in High Point, North Carolina and a 2006 graduate of Johns Hopkins University, where she was also a member of the Phi Mu Fraternity.
The Norfolk provincial electoral district is a rural, agrarian electoral district in Ontario, Canada. The current MPP for this region is Toby Barrett of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario. The electoral district covers nearly all of Norfolk County, Ontario and once stretched all the way to Tillsonburg, Ontario.
Brandon Miree (Born April 14, 1981 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football fullback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football at Pittsburgh. Miree also played for the Green Bay Packers.
Edward Curtis Wells (26 August 1910 &ndash; July 1986) was senior vice president and served on the board of directors of Boeing Company.
Urban John Hodapp (September 26, 1905 - June 14, 1980) played major league baseball in the 1920s and 30s, mostly for the Cleveland Indians. He primarily played second base. He had a 9-year career, hitting for a .311 batting average. His best year was in 1930 when he hit .354 and knocked in 121 RBIs for Cleveland. According to Baseball-reference. com, he is the \"first AL player to get two hits in an inning twice in a game,\" in a drubbing of the Yankees by the Indians on July 29, 1928.
Lucien Wulsin III (1916\u20132009) was a lawyer, entrepreneur, banker, arts advocate, university trustee and erstwhile performer.
Indio Viejo is a dish whose name means \"old Indian\" and is made with small long strings of meat or chicken.
Julius L. Meier (December 31, 1874 \u2013 July 14, 1937) was an American businessman and politician in the state of Oregon. The son of the Meier &amp; Frank department store founder, he would become a lawyer before entering the family business in Portland. Politically an independent, Meier served a single term as the 20th Governor of Oregon from 1931-1935. Meier is the only independent to be elected Governor of Oregon, and one of only four to serve as governor of any U.S. state.
Parke Edward Coleman (December 1, 1901 in Canby, Oregon \u2013 August 5, 1964 in Oregon City, Oregon) is a former professional baseball player who played Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1932\u20131935 and the St. Louis Browns from 1935\u20131936. The brother of long-time Oregon State head baseball coach Ralph Coleman, he played in college for Oregon State University and made his major league debut on April 15, 1932.
Maria Lopez (born 1953) is a Cuban-American former judge and a former television jurist on the syndicated television show Judge Maria Lopez. Judge Lopez made legal history as the first Latina appointed to the bench in Massachusetts when she was selected as a District Court Judge by Governor Michael Dukakis. Judge Lopez continued to make her mark in history as the first Latina to be appointed to the Massachusetts Superior Court in 1993. Lopez served as a Superior Court judge and as an assistant attorney general in civil rights division of the office of the Massachusetts Attorney General. She is married to Stephen Mindich, owner of the Boston Phoenix newspaper; they live in Newton, Massachusetts. She has two sons, Michael Michaud (born in 1983) and David Michaud (born in 1985), who both attended the University of Michigan; they are her sons from her first marriage to Richard Michaud. Lopez holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Government from Smith College and a Juris Doctor from Boston University.
The Baskent Knights is an american football team based in Ankara, Turkey. It was established under the name of Ba\u015Fkent University on 1998. Baskent Knights is a university team, which is not under a management of any private sports club facility.
Between the Trees is an American indie rock band from Orlando, Florida, formed in 2005. The band consists of vocalist and guitarist Ryan Kirkland, drummer Josh Butler and bassist Jeremy Butler. Between the Trees released their debut album through Bonded Records in 2006, entitled The Story and the Song. In 2007, they signed to The Universal Motown/Universal Republic Group, but it was later announced that this relationship had fallen through and their next album would be self-released. Their second album was entitled Spain and was released on August 11, 2009.
Joseph Collins (1866-1950) was an American neurologist, born in Brookfield, Conn. He received the degree of M.D. from New York University in 1888, and after some years of private practice took up the specialty of neurology; in 1907, he was made a professor of that subject in the New York Post-Graduate Medical School. He was later a co-founder and visiting physician to the New York Neurological Institute.
Nelson Edward Burbrink (December 28, 1921 &ndash; April 11, 2001) was a Major League Baseball catcher and scout. A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, he was signed by the Chicago Cubs as an amateur free agent before the 1941 season. He finally made it to the major leagues at the age of 33 with the St. Louis Cardinals. After being called up to the big leagues in June 1955, Burbrink shared catching duties with teammate Bill Sarni for the remainder of the season. He made his major league debut on June 5 during a doubleheader against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Ebbets Field. He appeared in 58 games for St. Louis, going 47-for-170 (.276) with 0 home runs, 15 runs batted in, and 11 runs scored. He had a .333 on base percentage and a slugging percentage of .335. Defensively, he recorded 261 putouts, 24 assists, 6 errors, and participated in 4 double plays. His fielding percentage was .979, slightly under the league average that season. After his playing career ended, Burbrink scouted for the Cardinals and the New York Mets. He served as the Mets' scouting director (1968-72) and director of player development (1973-78). Burbrink died in Largo, Florida, at the age of 79.
Major Floyd Bruce Parks (January 16, 1911 &ndash; June 4, 1942) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps.
Ian K. Smith, M.D. (born July 15, 1969) is an American physician and author best known for his appearances on VH1's Celebrity Fit Club series, The View, and as a correspondent for NBC News. He is also the host of HealthWatch with Dr. Ian Smith, a nationally-syndicated daily news feature heard on American Urban Radio Networks. He resides in Manhattan, New York City.
The Afternoon Delights was a Boston-based vocal studio quartet, including Rebecca Hall, Janet Powell, Robalee Barnes, and Suzanne Boucher. In 1981, they released a parody of the popular ABC soap opera General Hospital called \"General Hospi-Tale. \" This peaked at number 23 on the R&amp;B charts and number 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Soon after, they released an EP, but it had very little success. The group remains a one-hit wonder to this day.
Mike Road (born March 18, 1918, though several sources state 1915, in Malden, Massachusetts) is a voice actor of cartoon characters whose career dates to the 1950s. Mike Road is best known as the voice of Race Bannon in Jonny Quest and was also the voice of Zandor in The Herculoids, \"Ugh the giant caveman\" on the Dino Boy cartoons of the Space Ghost series, and Reed Richards in The New Fantastic Four. He provided voices for a great many \"guest-star\" and incidental characters on these and other such programs during this time, as well. Road was also one of the Warner Brothers Television stock company and appeared in a variety of their programs, having been a regular on ABCs Surfside 6. He also portrayed Marshal Tom Sellers in the 1958-1959 ABC western series Buckskin. His costars were Sally Brophy and Tom Nolan. Other in-front-of-the-camera work included guest appearances on Maverick, Sea Hunt, I Dream of Jeannie and The Wild Wild West, as well as being one of the actors who portrayed Wyoming Sheriff Lom Trevors on the cult-following Western series Alias Smith and Jones. He retired from voice acting in 1981.
John Lafayette Riker (August 15, 1822 &ndash; May 31, 1862) was an American attorney and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in action at the Battle of Fair Oaks during the Peninsula Campaign.
Bernard E. Proctor (May 5, 1901-September 24, 1959) was an American food scientist who was involved in early research on food irradiation.
Longaniza is a pork sausage similar to a chorizo. It is popular in several regions of Spain, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Mexico, Chile, Argentina and in Philippines.
9\u201310th &amp; Locust is a PATCO subway station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The station is located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Center City, Philadelphia, near Wills Eye Hospital and Walnut Street Theatre.
Zachary David Strief (born September 22, 1983 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football offensive tackle for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Saints in the seventh round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He lived in Milford, Ohio where he played for his varsity football team, the Milford Eagles. He played college football at Northwestern. In 2009 Strief produced a cookbook for charity entitled \"When You're the Biggest Guy on the Team!
Marine Fighter Squadron 113 (VMF-113) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II and in the Marine Forces Reserve until 1965. Known as the \"Whistling Devils\", they were deactivated in 1965 and remain in an inactive status today.
Marine All-Weather Fighter Squadron 114 (VMF-114) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II and continued in service until their deactivation in July 1965 . Known as the \u201CDeath Dealers\u201D, they made their biggest mark providing close air support during the Battle of Peleliu and remain in an inactive status today.
Marine Fighter Squadron 123 (VMF-123) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II and in the Marine Forces Reserve. Known as the \u201CFlying Eight Balls\u201D, they fought on Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima and Okinawa and served as a training squadron for replacement pilots during the Korean War. They were deactivated in the late 1950s and remain in an inactive status today.
Marine Fighter Squadron 911 (VMF-911) was an aircraft squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II. Known as the \u201CDevilcats\u201D, it served as a training squadron during the war, and was deactivated in early 1946.
Michael Casey (born 1947 in Lowell, Massachusetts) is an American poet. His first collection, Obscenities, was chosen by Stanley Kunitz for the Yale Series of Younger Poets. Other collections include Millrat (Adastra Press), The Million Dollar Hole (Orchises Press), Raiding a Whorehouse (Adastra), Permanent Party (March Street Press), Cindi's Fur Coat (The Chuckwagon), and The Bopper.
Gary Guthman is an American jazz musician from Portland Oregon. Guthman started his musical career at the age of nine and studied classically for the first 15 of his playing years. After attending Portland State University, he performed short stints in the 1980s as the \u201Cyoungster\u201D with the Dorsey Brothers Big Band, the Stan Kenton Orchestra, the Don Ellis Orchestra and with Louis Bellson. Thereafter, Guthman moved to Canada, where he performed across Canada on television, radio, and in film scores as soloist and with his New Swing Orchestra. Since the early 1990s, Guthman has performed for audiences throughout the world with his \u201CTribute to Harry James\u201D, \u201CTrumpet Greats\u201D, and \u201CSalute to Swing\u201D in concert halls, jazz festivals and with Symphony Pops. From 1999-2001, Gary starred in the award-winning Big Band Musical Theatre production of \u201CForever Swing\u201D which toured in the United States and Canada for nearly 24 months. In January 2004, Gary was the headline performer at Carnegie Hall with the New York Pops Orchestra, conducted by Skitch Henderson. In the summer of 2004, he presented his Big Band production entitled \"Swingmatism\" at the Vancouver International Jazz Festival, receiving rave reviews and standing ovations at every one of the 13 performances. Over the last two years, Guthman has resided and has been performing in Europe just completing his 3rd European concert tour with his Gary Guthman Jazz Quartet.
Marine Attack Squadron 131 (VMA-131) was an A-4 Skyhawk attack squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CDiamondbacks\u201D, were part of the Marine Forces Reserve and were based at Naval Air Station New York, Brooklyn, New York from 1960 through 1972 and NASJRB Willow Grove from 1972 until their deactivation in 1998.
The Animal Crackers are a group of DJs, MCs and producers based out of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Dustin-Leigh Seltzer (n\u00E9e Konzelman), born February 6, 1982, is a beauty queen and reality television contestant from Puyallup, Washington who has competed in the Miss America pageant and appeared on The Amazing Race 10 as well as The Amazing Race All-Stars.
Kandice Pelletier (born November 11th 1981) is a beauty queen from Marietta, Georgia who has competed in the Miss America pageant and on two series of the reality television show The Amazing Race.
Cinder is an alternative rock band, formed in 1999 when singer Roger Young and lead guitarist Kenny Craig began playing bars and clubs around the Southern Florida coastline and writing songs for album Soapy Tuna. It was at this time they picked up bassist Pat McGuire and drummer Brian Colbert and changed their name to Jesus Gun. In this form they recorded another album, which was available only at shows. In 2001 they signed a record deal with Geffen Records and the album Break Your Silence was recorded, with Scott Weiland producing nine of the album\u2019s eleven tracks. In addition, Jay Baumgartner and John Kurzweg lent a hand in the production process as well. After the album was finished, the band name was changed again, this time to Cinder, under pressure from the record company, for legal reasons. Cinder began touring with such heavyweights as Creed, Sevendust and 30 Seconds to Mars, gaining a loyal following across America. Unfortunately, before the release date Geffen Records was bought out and unsigned bands including Cinder were released, and the album never was released. The single from that album Soul Creation was released and received much airtime on both the radio and on MTV, essentially promoting an album that was doomed to never exist (though a promo copy of the album did indeed leak onto the internet in 2002). Soul Creation managed to get onto the Mainstream Rock charts. Soul Creation was also featured in PS2 videogames MX Unleashed and NHL 2004. This single helped keep the band's dreams alive as they struggled with their record company's contract. It took two more years for Cinder to be released from their contract with Geffen Records expired, and two more years after that before they were picked up by Rock Ridge Records. In this time of limbo bassist Pat McGuire decided to leave the band, he was soon replaced with their current bassist, Steve Reich. With the new lineup and the new record company Cinder was ready to get back to recording. Their second album, titled House Full Of No Trust, was released on August 8, 2006, and a tour was to follow that but it was cut short due to lack of funds. A third album is to be released later this year which will contain a lot of the songs from their unreleased debut album Break Your Silence
Parker House and Theory is an American rock band formed in December of 2003, based in Boston, Massachusetts. Parker House and Theory (PHT) is signed to indie label Rule of 4 Records and is currently touring in support of their debut full length album, Automatic Stranger produced by 7x Grammy winner Thom Russo.
Art Baron (b. January 5, 1950 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American jazz trombonist. He also plays didgeridoo, conch shell, penny-whistle, alto and bass recorder, and tuba. Baron is an alumnus of the Berklee College of Music. He joined the Duke Ellington band in August 1973, at the age of 23, during the last year Ellington led the band, and was the last trombonist Ellington ever hired.
The cuisine of the Dominican Republic is predominantly made up of a combination of Spanish, indigenous Ta\u00EDno, and African influences, the first and last occurring over the last five centuries. In many respects, Dominican cuisine resembles the cusine of the nearby island of Puerto Rico. Both having evolved from the same sources. Though the dish names may differ, Dominican cuisine also resembles that of other countries in Latin America. Breakfast can consist of eggs or meat and mang\u00FA. A heartier version uses deep-fried meat, such as Dominican salami. Cheese is another popular accompaniment. As in Spain, the largest, most important meal of the day is lunch. Its most typical form, nicknamed La Bandera (\"The Flag\") consists of rice, red beans, plantains, meat, and salad.
innosense was an all-female American group. The band were together from 1997 to 2003.
Private First Class David M. Gonzales (June 9, 1923&ndash;April 25, 1945) was a United States Army soldier who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor &mdash; the United States' highest military decoration &mdash; for his heroic actions during World War II. On April 25, 1945, at age 22, PFC Gonzales was killed in action in the Philippines while, in the face of fierce enemy machine gun fire, digging out fellow soldiers who had been buried in a bomb explosion. For over 60 years, the surviving son of Gonzales, David Jr. wondered about the men his father had saved, unaware that one of the men, William W. Kouts was also searching for the family of the person who saved his life. Finally, the search came to an end on May 2007 with the help of Tony Santiago, an editor of Wikipedia.
Dana Bible is currently the offensive coordinator/quarterbacks/wide receivers coach for the North Carolina State University Wolfpack. Bible graduated from St. Xavier High School in 1972 and the University of Cincinnati in 1976, where he earned a BA in Economics and in 1982 an MBA in Management. He has served in various college and NFL coaching positions. He was the offensive coordinator for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1998 and also coached at NCSU from 1983-85. In 2009, Bible was diagnosed with a form of leukemia.
Carne Pinchada (trans. Stabbed Meat) is a Nicaraguan dish where the meat (chicken, beef, etc) is marinated in an alcoholic sauce (wine, beer, etc) and then served on a stick.
Erwin Russell Bleckley (December 30, 1894-October 6, 1918) was a United States Army Air Service aviator during World War I, and posthumous recipient of the Medal of Honor, killed in action on October 6, 1918. Bleckley entered service as a member of the Kansas National Guard, was commissioned as an artillery officer, then volunteered for aviation training and duty. His was one of four Medals of Honor awarded to members of the Air Service.
Henry Franklin Belknap Gilbert (September 26, 1868\u2013May 19, 1928) was an American composer and collector of folk songs. He is best remembered today for his interest in the music of African-Americans around the turn of the 20th century. Gilbert was born in Somerville, Massachusetts, and attended the New England Conservatory; among his teachers were Edward MacDowell, for composition, and Emil Mollenhauer, for violin. Upon graduation, Gilbert embarked upon a career in business. In 1900 he attended a performance of Gustave Charpentier's Louise which sent him back to music, and he soon became interested in American folk and popular music in particular. His Negro Episode\u2014adapted from pieces he had heard on field trips\u2014was performed in New York in 1896, and in 1905 he completed Americanesque, an orchestral suite based on three tunes from minstrel shows. Gilbert's interest in folk music had led him to the music of American blacks, and it was through using black folk tunes that he gained his first major success with 1910's Comedy Overture on Negro Themes for orchestra. This was followed by the Negro Rhapsody, also for orchestra. Other subsequent pieces were based upon the music of American Indians and Creoles. Among his less popular works are Three American Dances, Two Episodes, and Riders to the Sea. Gilbert composed the original music for the 1922 film Down to the Sea in Ships. His greatest success was The Dance in Place Congo, a programmatic work based upon Creole themes. Originally completed in 1908, it was rejected by Karl Muck for public performance in Boston as \"niggah music\" and remained unperformed until recast as a ballet by the Metropolitan Opera Company in 1918. It was given to acclaim at the International Festival of Contemporary Music in Frankfurt-am-Main on July 1, 1927, with the composer in attendance, though by this time Gilbert was an invalid, and died less than a year later, in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He had a congenital heart malformation known as Tetralogy of Fallot, and his case was published by White and Sprague in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Although Gilbert's music was generally well-regarded during his lifetime, his reputation has declined since his death; today, his music is little played.
Samuel Nobre Moore (7 September 1891 \u2013 9 August 1942) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War II.
John Reeves Pierce (3 November 1906 &ndash; 10 January 1943) was an officer in the United States Navy.
Sensei was a five piece, melodic, rock band from Jacksonville, Florida.
Susan Floyd (born May 13, 1968) is an American actress who has appeared in multiple episodes of Law &amp; Order, as well as numerous other television series. She has also had featured roles in several motion pictures, including Domestic Disturbance and Forgiven, and starred opposite Al Pacino and Jerry Orbach in Chinese Coffee. Along with mainstream films, she has also appeared in a 2003 indie film Particles of Truth.
Private First Class Manuel Perez, Jr. (March 3, 1923\u2013February 13, 1945) born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was a United States Army soldier who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, the United States' highest military decoration, for his actions in Battle of Luzon during the Philippines campaign of World War II.
There were several independent candidates in the 1985 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
CKS Group was an advertising agency based in Cupertino, California, catering to technology companies. The initials CKS came from the three name partners, Bill Cleary, Mark Kvamme, and Tom Suiter. All three had previously worked for Apple Computer. The company went public in 1995 and merged with USWeb in 1998. The origins of the company went back to Cleary Communications, a business venture started by Cleary in 1987. Kvamme bought into the venture in 1989, and the CKS name was adopted in 1991 after Suiter joined the other two. Due to its origins, the company had a natural expertise with interface design and other technical matters that distinguished it from traditional advertising agencies. It also had a ready-made client base, with Apple as one of its major customers. CKS bought a video production studio from Apple and at one point contemplated putting together a cable television channel with Ziff-Davis Publishing. The studio was to be used to create infomercials to fill airtime, while also doing work for Apple, which had a demand for video work but had found the studio too expensive to maintain. In late 1998, CKS Group merged with USWeb. The merger was a stock transaction involving an exchange of 1.5 shares of USWeb stock for each share of CKS. At the time, USWeb was still losing money while CKS had managed to post a profit in its latest quarter. With an estimated value of the transaction approaching $350 million when the deal was announced, the combined market capitalization of the two companies was around $728 million. The news prompted a fall in USWeb's stock price while CKS stock, which had been trading near 52-week lows, rose initially but then fell again. Among the benefits touted was joining USWeb's technical and Internet design skills with the traditional advertising and marketing savvy of CKS. The merged company was to be renamed Reinvent Communications, but the new name did not stick and the company was generally known as USWeb/CKS or simply USWeb. With the merger, the company had nearly 2,000 employees and clients including Apple Computer, Levi Strauss and Harley-Davidson. Since both companies had been busy making acquisitions, the deal prompted concerns about integrating these into a single organization and a potential culture clash. There was also a wide age gap between the younger USWeb employees and those of CKS. USWeb co-founder Joe Firmage initially was to become CEO of the combined company with Mark Kvamme, CEO of CKS, as chairman. Before the merger was complete, however, Firmage resigned in November to become chief strategist and was replaced by former Oracle executive Robert Shaw. Firmage then left the company entirely in January 1999, after his beliefs that space aliens have influenced modern technology became known. Firmage revealed he was working on a book about how modern technology was reverse-engineered from an alien space ship recovered at Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947. In December 1999, after buying boutique management consulting firm Mitchell Madison Group for over $300 million, USWeb merged with Whittman-Hart, another consulting firm based in Chicago. The combined company, a merger of equals, had over 10,000 employees with annual revenues exceeding $1B. This deal involved Whittman-Hart exchanging 0.865 shares of its stock for each share of USWeb, and another new name as marchFIRST Inc. The new company was headed by Whittman-Hart CEO Robert Bernard. Shaw was announced as chairman, but resigned prior to taking on that role. With the burst of the dot-com bubble, marchFIRST went into bankruptcy in April 2001 and its assets were liquidated. Some of the units, including USWeb and Whittman-Hart, survived the breakup and re-emerged as separate companies.
Captain Samuel Butts (November 24, 1777 \u2013 January 27, 1814) was a militia officer in the Creek War. Butts was born at his family\u2019s farm in Southampton, Virginia. His descendents included many veterans of the American Revolutionary War. The Butts family moved to Sparta, Georgia when Samuel was young. As an adult, Butts moved to Monticello, Georgia and became a businessman. In 1813, Butts joined the local militia of Jasper County as a private in order to fight in the War of 1812. He was quickly made captain of his unit, and they fought under the command of General John Floyd in battles at Autossee, Tallasee and Camp Defiance. On January 27, 1814, Butts was killed in Alabama at the battle of Calabee (also referred to as Chillabee in some references). In 1825, the Georgia General Assembly named Butts County, Georgia in honor of Captain Butts. A Georgia chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution is named after him as well.
Crown City Rockers are a five-member hip hop band from Oakland, California, by way of Boston, Massachusetts and Pasadena. Formerly known as Mission:, they play old school inflected hip hop music with live instrumentation, citing influences such as: A Tribe Called Quest, The Roots, KRS-One and De La Soul. In July of 2009 the band announced the release date of its new album, The Day After Forever. It is set for release on September 29, 2009, in time for the band's appearance at the Treasure Island Music Festival in October.
Kult ov Azazel is an American black metal band, briefly known as Azazel.
Charles H. Barker (April 12, 1935 \u2013 June 4, 1953) was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on June 4, 1953.
Emory L. Bennett (December 20, 1929 \u2013 June 24, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions on June 24, 1951.
Look Mexico is a rock band from Tallahassee, FL. The band is composed of Matt Agrella, Ryan Slate, Joshua Mikel, Ryan Smith, and Dave Pinkham. Since their inception in 2004, Look Mexico have released one full length album and three EPs, touring extensively in their support.
Nelson V. Brittin (October 31, 1920 &ndash; March 7, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on February 1, 1952. Brittin is buried in Beverly National Cemetery in Beverly, New Jersey.
Tony K. Burris (May 30, 1929 \u2013 October 9, 1951)was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on October 8, and October 9, 1951. he is buried in Blanchard Cemetery, Blanchard, Oklahoma. His grave can be found at GPS (lat/lon): 35.1591, -97.65226.
John W. Collier (April 3, 1929 &ndash; September 19, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on June 24, 1951.
Samuel Streit Coursen (August 4, 1926 &ndash; October 12, 1950) was a 1949 graduate of the United States Military Academy and company commander in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on December 12, 1950.
The governing Ontario Liberal Party fielded a full slate of candidates in the 1990 provincial election and won 36 of 130 seats, falling to Official Opposition status in the Ontario legislature. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages. Information about others may be found here.
Reginald B. Desiderio (September 12, 1918 &ndash; November 27, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on November 27, 1950. He is buried in San Francisco National Cemetery San Francisco, California.
Ray E. Duke (May 9, 1923 &ndash; April 26, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on April 26, 1951.
Junior D. Edwards (October 7, 1926&ndash;January 2, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on January 2, 1951. He is buried in IOOF Cemetery Indianola, Iowa.
Don Carlos Faith, Jr. (August 26, 1918 &ndash; December 1, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions from November 27, through December 1, 1950. In 1976 Lieutenant Colonel Faith was posthumously inducted into the U.S. Army Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame at Fort Benning, Georgia.
Clair Goodblood (September 18, 1929 &ndash; April 25, 1951) was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on April 24, and April 25, 1951.
Lester Hammond, Jr. (March 25, 1931 &ndash; August 14, 1952) was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on August 14, 1952.
Jack G. Hanson (September 18, 1930 &ndash; June 7, 1951) was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on June 7, 1951. Many members of F Company owe Jack Hanson their lives.
Lee R. Hartell was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on August 27, 1951. By August 26, 1951, First Lieutenant Hartell was on the ground as a forward observer with B Company, 9th Infantry Regiment at the base of Hill 700 near Kobanson-ni. Hill 700 was attacked and taken by B Company that day. But the Chinese mounted a major counterattack at 0400 hours. Hartell walked the artillery fire right up the hill on top of the charging enemy. Although many of the enemy were cut down, they just kept coming. Although wounded, he kept calling in artillery fire onto his hilltop. Finally at 0630 hours, Hartell was hit in the chest by a bullet and his phone went dead.
Frederick F. Henry (-September 1, 1950)was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on September 1, 1950.
Gilbert G. Collier (December 30, 1930 &ndash; July 20, 1953) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions on July 19, and July 20, 1953.
Mack Alvin Jordan (December 8, 1928 &ndash; November 15, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on November 15, 1951.
Billie G. Kanell (June 26, 1931 &ndash; September 7, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on September 7, 1951.
Edward C. Krzyzowski (January 16, 1914 &ndash; September 3, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on August 31, September 1, September 2, and September 3, 1951.
Darwin K. Kyle (June 1, 1918 &ndash; February 16, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on February 16, 1951.
Charles R. Long (December 10, 1923 &ndash; February 12, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on February 12, 1951.
William F. Lyell (February 14, 1929 -August 31, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on August 31, 1951.
Robert M. McGovern (1928 &ndash; January 30, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on January 30, 1951.
Donald R. Moyer (April 15, 1930 &ndash; May 20, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on May 20, 1951. He died May 20, 1951 near Seoul, Korea and is buried in Perry Mount Park Cemetery Pontiac, Michigan.
Charles F. Pendleton (September 26, 1931 - July 17, 1953) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on July 16, and July 17, 1953. He is buried in Laurel Land Memorial Park Fort Worth, Texas. His grave can be found in Section C, Lot 31, Space 11. The GPS location of his grave is (lat/lon): 32.38753, -97.20918.
William S. Sitman was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on February 14, 1951, during the Battle of Chipyong-ni.
Clifton T. Speicher (March 25, 1931 &ndash; June 14, 1952) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on June 14, 1952.
Luther H. Story (July 20, 1931 &ndash; September 1, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on September 1, 1950.
Jerome A. Sudut (October 20, 1930 &ndash; September 12, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on September 12, 1951.
William Thompson (August 16, 1927 &ndash; August 23, 1950) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Korean War. On August 6, 1950, Thompson manned his machine gun during an overwhelming enemy attack, providing covering fire for his comrades despite his own wounds. He died of his wounds two weeks later, just after his 23rd birthday, and was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the battle. He was buried in Long Island National Cemetery, Farmingdale, New York.
John S. Walmsley, Jr. (January 7, 1920 &ndash; September 14, 1951) was a pilot in the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on September 14, 1951.
Travis E. Watkins (September 5, 1920-September 3, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on August 31, September 1, September 2, and September 3, 1950.
Robert H. Young (March 4, 1929 &ndash; October 9, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on October 9, 1950. Young is buried at Golden Gate National Cemetery in San Bruno, California.
Charles Sewell Crookham (March 17, 1923 - October 7, 2004), a native and lifelong resident of the U.S. state of Oregon, was a lawyer, a Republican politician, jurist, and military historian. He was briefly Oregon Attorney General, appointed to serve out David Frohnmayer's uncompleted term, but most of his professional career was spent in the private practice of law and as a judge.
Shawna Stoltenberg was Miss Minnesota 1993 and competed in the Miss America pageant broadcast live from Atlantic City, New Jersey in September that year. She won an award for talent in the nationally-televised event and earned enough scholarship money to graduate from college debt free. She was also the first contestant in the history of the pageant to address the issue of missing children and to share Jacob\u2019s story of HOPE. Stoltenberg specializes in corporate talent development having most recently worked for Ameriprise, Allianz Life of North America, Target Corporation, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. She has more than 10 years of experience as a strategic change consultant, corporate trainer, facilitator, performance coach and former television news anchor. Stoltenberg is also a speaker, trainer and former board member for the Jacob Wetterling Foundation, a missing children's organization in Minnesota that works nationally to end the sexual exploitation and abduction of children. She has delivered presentations to more than 10,000 students, parents and community organizations on how to keep children safe. Stoltenberg has studied piano for more than 20 years. She is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin\u2013Madison with Bachelor degrees in Broadcast Journalism and Piano Performance. She earned her Master\u2019s degree from the University of Minnesota\u2013Twin Cities in Human Resource and Organizational Development. In 2000, she married husband &amp; photographer, Bjorn Meisner, from Oldenburg, Germany.
I Hate Myself was an emotive hardcore band formed by Jon and Jim Marburger, in 1996 in Gainesville, Florida.
Poqomchi' is a Mayan language spoken by the Poqomchi' Mayas of Guatemala, and is very closely related to Poqomam. Its two main dialects Eastern Poqomch\u00ED and Western Poqomch\u00ED are spoken by 92,000 people, in Purulh\u00E1, Baja Verapaz, and in the following municipalities of Alta Verapaz: Santa Cruz Verapaz, San Crist\u00F3bal Verapaz, Tactic, Tamah\u00FA and Tucur\u00FA. It is also the predominant language in the municipality of Chicam\u00E1n, which borders Alta Verapaz.
Sakapultek or Sacapulteco is a Mayan language very closely related to K'iche'(Quich\u00E9). It is spoken by appoximately 15,000 people in Sacapulas, El Quich\u00E9 department and in Guatemala City.
Sipakapense is a Mayan language, closely related to K'iche'. It is spoken natively within indigenous Sipakapense communities, primarily based in the Guatemalan municipality of Sipacapa, department of San Marcos.
Q'anjob'al (also Kanjobal) is a Mayan language spoken primarily in Guatemala and part of Mexico. According to 1998 estimates compiled by SIL International in Ethnologue, there were approximately 77,700 native speakers, primarily in the Huehuetenango Department of Guatemala. Q'anjob'al is a member of the Q'anjob'alan branch of the Mayan language family. The Mayan language family includes 31 languages, two of which are now extinct. The Q'anjob'alan branch includes not only Q'anjob'al itself but also Chuj, Akatek, and Jakaltek, also spoken in Guatemala. The Q'anjob'alan languages are noted for being among the most conservative of the Mayan language family, although they do include some interesting innovations.
Cape Breton The Lakes was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1978 to 2003.
Halifax Bedford Basin was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1978 to 2003.
Sackville-Beaver Bank was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1993 to 2003.
Annapolis East was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1956 to 1993. Prior to 1956, it was a part of the district of Annapolis County. It was abolished when it was merged into Digby-Annapolis.
Annapolis West was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1956 to 1993. Prior to 1956, it was a part of the district of Annapolis County. It was abolished when it was merged into Digby-Annapolis.
Colchester South was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1978 to 1993.
For the Census Designated Place in Maine, see Cumberland Center, Maine. Cumberland Centre was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1949 to 1993.
Cumberland East was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1949 to 1993.
Cumberland West was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1949 to 1993.
Digby was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1993.
Guysborough was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1993.
Halifax Cornwallis was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1967 to 1993.
Halifax Eastern Shore was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1967 to 1993.
Inverness North was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1981 to 1993.
Inverness South was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1981 to 1993.
Lunenburg Centre was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1956 to 1993.
Sackvile was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1978 to 1993.
Lunenburg East was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1956 to 1993.
Colchester was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1978
Halifax Cobequid was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1967 to 1978
Halifax County Dartmouth was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1956 to 1967.
Halifax East was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1933 to 1967.
Halifax South was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1933 to 1967.
Halifax West was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1933 to 1967.
Kings was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867-1956
Hants was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1949.
Pictou was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1949.
Halifax was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1933.
Cape Breton was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. It existed from 1867 to 1925.
United States Army Second Lieutenant Robert Craig (1919&ndash;July 11, 1943) was awarded the Medal of Honor for heroic service as an infantry officer during the Allied invasion of Sicily in World War II.
Amanda Tepe (born October 16, 1977) is an American actress. Tepe is a native of Cincinnati, Ohio. She has appeared in several short and feature films. Her television credits include General Hospital, Dexter, Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Cory in the House, That's So Raven, Entourage and a current recurring role on Disney's Wizards of Waverly Place as many different characters. Active in live local theatre, Tepe has performed in various Los Angeles productions, including shows with the Elephant Theatre, McCadden Place Theatre, Whitefire Theatre, ACME Comedy Theatre, and Interact Theatre Company, of which she is a member. She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting from CalArts and holds a Master of the Arts in Educational Theatre from New York University.
Stephen Edward Karopczyc (March 5, 1944-March 12, 1967) is a posthumous recipient of the Medal of Honor. He was a 1961 graduate of Chaminade High School, and he served in the United States Army in the Vietnam War. He was First Lieutenant, U.S. Army, Company A, 2d Battalion, 35th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division.
Surprise Me Mr. Davis is an electro-folk band consisting of singer-songwriter Nathan Moore and the members of avant-rock band The Slip. They formed in 2003 in Boston while Moore was visiting The Slip at their apartment and the Blizzard of 2003 hit. When they were snowed in, Moore and The Slip spent the time playing with home recording equipment, the result eventually becoming their self-titled album.
Lucid Druid is a Celtic fusion band that formed in Clearwater, Florida in 2003. The band self-proclaims their sound as \"Traditional Celtic Music of the early 21st century,\" and \"Eclectic World-Fusion Music,\" describing their multi-faceted and jam-induced music. Highlighting the original compositions of two-time World Champion bagpiper Adam Quinn (formerly of the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band), the band is composed of 5 core members who integrate the sounds of bagpipes, guitar, double bass, didgeridoo &amp; Scottish snare with a variety of African drums to create a unique sound. The music of Lucid Druid fuses the qualities of traditional &amp; modern Scottish music with elements of rock, jazz, country, and traditional African rhythms. Their unusual arrangements and exploratory jams make their music un-comparable to anything else being produced today in the genre of Celtic fusion music. The band still maintains their original lineup which consists of the following members: Adam Quinn - Bagpipes, Degerpipes, Shuttlepipes, Didgeridoo, Clarinet Steve Turner - Ashiko, Djembe, Drum Set, Didgeridoo Joe Porter - Double Bass, Electric Bass Doug White - Scottish Snare, Drum Set, Roto-Tams, Bongos Sebastian Deledda - Guitars
For the earlier VMO-1 which formed in MCB Quantico in 1937 see VMTB-151 Marine Observation Squadron 1 (VMO-1) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps which saw extensive action during World War II and supported numerous contingencies during the Cold War. They were based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and saw their final deployment in support of Operation Desert Storm in 1991. They were deactivated on July 31, 1993.
Boston magazine is a monthly magazine concerning life in the Greater Boston area and has been in publication for more than 40 years.
Gator Country is an American Southern rock band formed in Davie, Florida in 2005 by several founding members of the Southern rock group Molly Hatchet. The band, founded by vocalist Jimmy Farrar, gutarist Duane Roland, drummer Bruce Crump, guitarist Steve Holland, and bassist Riff West took its name from the title of the hit song \"Gator Country\". In 2006 Gator Country, led by vocalist Jimmy Farrar, continue to perform popular songs such as \"Beatin' The Odds\", \"Bounty Hunter\" as well as \"Oh Atlanta\".
Charles Sumner Murkland (May 30, 1856 &ndash; death) was the first elected President of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts following the college's move from Hanover to Durham in the United States. While a scholar and executive, his lack of an agricultural background made him a surprising choice for the position. While President, Murkland proposed adding preparatory classes and a two-year degree and during his first year Graduate study was also established .
John Rosenberg is an American football coach, and a graduate of Harvard University. Rosenberg is known for his creativity and innovation in defensive strategy. He has coached for thirty years, including colleges in the United States, and Club teams in Europe. His career has included national championships in three different countries.
Error creating thumbnail: Invalid Parameter - white This article needs additional citations for verification. Syrup USA was a four-piece indie pop band from Boston, Massachusetts. They formed in 1993 and disbanded in 1998. The brainchild of lead singer and guitarist Seana Carmody, Syrup USA blended elements of 60's pop with the bombastic panache of 1990's rock and splashed heavy helpings of synth-pop all around. They released one progressive rock-influenced full-length album in 1997, on Flydaddy Records, entitled All Over The Land, after which they embarked on a U.S. tour. Prior to that, they had self-released two 7-inch singles and appeared on a number of compilations and live radio broadcasts.
As Friends Rust is a hardcore band from Gainesville, Florida.
Istanbul Cavaliers is one of the strongest American football teams in Turkey. The team is a semi-pro club team attending national league held in Turkey. It was founded in 2006 with formation of two college teams namely, Sabanci Pirates and Bilgi Hunters. The team held the 5th place in Turkish American Football League in 2006. Next season, the team had achieved playoffs by held up the 2nd place in Istanbul Conference before they were eliminated by Ege Dolphins with a defeat of 20-14 in \u0130zmir in May 2007. In April of 2008-2009 season, Cavaliers had a total score of 7-2 run and already qualified for the playoffs. The team played 2008-2009 final game but lost to Bo\u011Fazi\u00E7i Sultans 22-20, and became the runner-ups. In 2009-2010, the team won all three games played and shares the first spot in the league with Gazi Warriors and Bo\u011Fazi\u00E7i Sultans. The team practices at Fikirtepe Spor Field, G\u00F6ztepe.
Ruth Malcomson (1906&ndash;1988) was Miss America in 1924. Malcomson, a native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, defeated Mary Campbell, who was seeking her third consecutive crown.
The Summer Obsession is a punk band from Jacksonville, Florida &amp; Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. The band originally started in 2004 by Lucian Walker &amp; Allan 'Fin' Leavell. They went through several members until they reached their final bass &amp; drum positions in the form of Chris 'Christ' Miller, and former Good Charlotte drummer Chris Wilson. The band has previously been on tour with bands such as Cartel, Mya, The Click Five, Story of the Year, Saosin, Permanent Me, Hit the Lights, Houston Calls, Monty Are I, Against All Authority, Whole Wheat Bread, Plain White T's, New Years Day and many more. Two Types Of People was the first CD released by the outfit, which featured a cover of Tom Petty's Free Fallin. The group was slated to play on dates of the 2004 Warped Tour, but their stage was cancelled; after finding this out, they moved to Los Angeles, where they landed a deal with Virgin Records after several months. Late in 2005, they appeared on a MySpace Records compilation. This Is Where You Belong is their debut major label album released in August 2006 on Virgin Records. They appeared on Cartoon Network's Fridays and performed the songs Melt the Sugar &amp; Disappear. They have also played in Japan on two occasions, selling more CDs in Japan than in the United States. The band broke up in 2008, stating they are still \"on good terms with each other\". According to the bands Myspace, they have gotten back together and plan on having updates during 2009.
Milo Burnell Evarts (3 September 1913 &ndash; 12 October 1942) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War II.
The Boston Philharmonic Orchestra (not to be confused with the Boston Symphony Orchestra) is a semi-professional orchestra based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1979. Their concerts take place at New England Conservatory's Jordan Hall and at Harvard University's Sanders Theatre. Currently, the orchestra is conducted by Benjamin Zander. Each concert is preceded by a talk which explains the musical ideas and structure of the pieces about to be performed.
Marine Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron 3 (VMFP-3) was an aviation unit of the United States Marine Corps active between 1975 and 1990.
ArcSoft, Inc. is a computer software development company that makes multimedia technologies and applications across desktop and embedded platforms. ArcSoft works primarily with original equipment manufacturers and offers digital imaging and video solutions. Most of the company\u2019s software is bundled with new mobile phones, digital cameras, personal computers, image scanners, and computer printers. The CEO of ArcSoft is Michael Deng. ArcSoft was established in 1994 and is headquartered in Fremont, California, with regional commercial and development facilities in Europe and Asia, including Taipei, Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Tokyo.
Stephen Dow Beckham is a noted American historian known for his work with Native Americans and the American West, especially the Pacific Northwest and the Lewis and Clark Expedition. He has authored many works, and currently is the Pamplin Professor of History at Lewis &amp; Clark College in Portland, Oregon. Beckham earned his bachelor's degree in history and biology at the University of Oregon in 1964. He earned a master's degree and PhD in history/anthropology at University of California, Los Angeles in 1966 and 1969, respectively. Since 1977 he has been teaching at Lewis &amp; Clark College. Beckham is also considered to be a leading authority on Indian law. He has been called as an expert witness in many land-use issues, including reservations, casinos, and fishing rights. He also is the lead instructor for the Indian Law Summer Program at Lewis &amp; Clark Law School. Additionally, Beckham has helped to develop many museums and exhibits both in the Pacific Northwest and around the world. Some of his projects include The Literature of the Lewis and Clark Expedition touring exhibit, the Columbia Gorge Discovery Center in The Dalles, the National Historic Oregon Trail Interpretive Center in Baker City, The High Desert Museum in Bend, and Oregon, My Oregon at the Oregon Historical Society.
ZyMOS Corporation was a semiconductor manufacturing company located in Sunnyvale, California. ZyMOS mainly designed and produced VGA integrated circuits. On 1987 ZyMOS introduced a POACH (PC-On-A-Chip) 82x3x multifunction peripheral series, a virtually first chipset for cloning IBM AT. Intel soon licensed this chipset to support Intel 80286 sales. ZyMOS changed its name to Appian Technology Inc. on November 1, 1990.
Mighty Joe Plum is an American alternative rock band active in the late 1990s. They are best known for their US radio hit, \"Live Through This (Fifteen Stories)\".
Mira are a five-piece dream pop/shoegaze band from Tallahassee, Florida. One of their earliest gigs was opening for Low at Florida State University. After releasing several EPs, the band signed to Projekt Records, on which they have released three full-length albums and toured nationally in the U.S. The band went on a semi-hiatus from 2003 to 2005.
Gialanella held the Miss New Jersey 1972 title and competed in the Miss America 1973 pageant, but did not place. The pageant was won by Terry Anne Meeuwsen of Wisconsin. Gialanella worked at WNEW-TV and WABC-TV in New York and KYW-TV in Philadelphia prior to joining WTSP in 1993. She anchored the noon weather segments until 1999, before joining WFTS in 2003. Gialanella was the weekend weather anchor in until 2008 when she became a fill-in meteorologist. She later left WFTS in February 2009.
Mary E. Althaus, born in Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S.A. in 1947, was the host of the first season of Let's Learn Japanese, a 26-lesson television course for people who wanted to learn about the Japanese language. On the program, she lectured on each episode's material, ranging from grammar structure to the pronunciation of Hiragana characters. She would sometimes participate in skits with Mine-San, Kaihou-San &amp; Sugihara-San in order for viewers to get an understanding of the day's material. She has contributed to several publications including \"The Attic Letters: Ume Tsuda's Correspondence to Her American Mother,\" (Nov. 1991), \"Progressive Japanese-English Dictionary,\" &amp; \"Lighthouse Japanese-English Dictionary,\" (2002) &amp; \"One World English Writing. \" (2003) Althaus was born to parents Russell P. &amp; Rachel Althaus. She attended Bethel-Tate High School in Bethel, Ohio, from 1961-1965. She is currently a professor at Tsuda College's Department of English, where she specializes in the use of documentaries and videos to assist students in building their English language skills. She currently resides in Tokyo, Japan.
Augustus van Horne Ellis (May 1, 1827 &ndash; July 2, 1863) was an American lawyer, sea captain, and soldier. He was a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the Civil War, and was killed in action at the Battle of Gettysburg in southern Pennsylvania.
Lost City Angels is a punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. They are composed of vocalist Sweeney Todd, guitarist Mr X, guitarist Drew \"Suxx\" Indingaro, bassist Duggan D and drummer Adam \"Fucking\" Shaw.
The Onion Cellar is a play that premiered at the Zero Arrow Theater (a venue at the American Repertory Theater), in Cambridge, Massachusetts from December 9, 2006 to January 13, 2007. It is a cross between a musical, cabaret show, rock concert and drama. It was the brain child of Amanda Palmer who based the title of the production on a chapter from Gunter Grass's The Tin Drum. In the novel, The Onion Cellar is a bar in post-war Germany where people go to share painful memories and cry. While drinking and talking, the clients peel onions, both to make crying easier and to lessen the shame for those afraid to express their feelings openly. In this production, although the audience members are seated as if they were in a night club, there is no peeling of onions. However, the various characters do speak and sing of pain, death, rejection and loneliness, and also of the relief found in sharing their sadness. The mixture of speech and song is consistent with the genre of the American musical, but style is more reminiscent of cabaret. There are also frequent performances by Amanda Palmer and Brian Viglione's duo The Dresden Dolls, who portray the house band of the Onion Cellar, as well as characters in the play. The Dresden Dolls specialize in Brechtian drama and, accordingly, break the fourth wall and often directly address the audience and talk about the process whereby The Onion Cellar came into existence. Both inside the theatre and in the lobby, they have displayed letters and objects by fans, critics and audience members from earlier trial runs of the show. They intentionally mix genres and scenes of dramatic action. \"The music, too, has a schizophrenic quality. The songs are sometimes in sync with the action; others feature counterpoint while still others are off in a world of their own. \" it was never supposed to be a dark, dismal, sobfest as the article sort of implies: it was supposed to be an interactive environment with lots of confusion, fun, prankery, audience participation and also darker images images about Grass himself, the holocaust, guilt, the creation of art in terms of grappling with the past and how we, as humans, try to come to terms with emotions that are difficult to face. - Amanda Palmer The Onion Cellar was conceived and written by Amanda Palmer, Johnathan Marc Sherman, Marcus Stern, Christine Jones, Anthony Martignetti, and the cast. The running time is 1 hour and 45 minutes with no intermission.
Decillionix was a company based in Sunnyvale, California which sold computer music hardware and software in the mid 1980's. Its first product was the DX-1 for the Apple II, sold in 1983. The DX-1 consisted of a monophonic 8-bit audio input card, a monophonic 8-bit audio output card, and the DX-1 Effects II software. Decillionix later produced MIDI software and hardware. Decillionix was run by Dan Retzinger. Decillionix ceased operations in 1987.
Henrietta Leaver (March 28, 1916 &ndash; September 1993) was Miss America in 1935. Leaver, from McKeesport, Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh, was the first Miss America crowned since 1933, following a failed pageant held in Madison Square Garden which crowned Helen Mack as the \"Queen of American Beauty\".
Bette Cooper (born 1920) was 1937's Miss America. She was born in Hackettstown, New Jersey. Cooper, who had earlier won the Miss Bertrand Island title, reportedly does not speak of her involvement with Miss America. Cooper attended Centenary Junior College in Hackettstown, where she was a member of the Delta Sigma Sigma sorority and graduated in 1938 at ceremonies attended by Governor of New Jersey A. Harry Moore. She is currently the earliest Miss America awardee/title holder still alive. She has two children, Cheryl and Gregory, as well as four grandchildren, Adriane, Derek, Noelle, and Sarah.
Patricia Donnelly was Miss America in 1939. Donnelly, from Detroit, Michigan, was the last to be crowned at the Steel Pier.
Rosemary LaPlanche (October 11, 1923\u2013May 6, 1979) was Miss America in 1941. LaPlanche, from Los Angeles, California, was Miss California in both 1940 and 1941. A new rule after her victory disallowed contestants from competing at the national level more than once. She also had an active career as a movie actress. LaPlanche had a sister named Louise La Planche. Her measurements were 34-24-36, and height was 5' 5\u00BD\" (1.66 m).. She was married to Harry Koplan from 1947 until his death in 1973, and had two children: a daughter Carol and son Terry. Rosemary LaPlanche\u2014Miss America 1941\u2014was first-runner up in the 1940 pageant. The rules were changed shortly thereafter to ensure that contestants could only compete once (at the national level) for the Miss America title.
Jean Bartel was Miss California and Miss America 1943. She won a talent and swimsuit award at the Miss America pageant. Bartel initially entered the pageant after learning one of the judges was Broadway actor and producer W. Horace Schmidlapp. As talent counted for 50% of the score, she thought it was a way to launch her career on Broadway. This tactic worked. Not only was she chosen as Miss America after a vocal performance the press hailed as a \"forceful and dramatic style,\" but she landed a career on Broadway and an agent that booked her on tours in South America, the Middle East, Europe, Canada, and in every State of the Union but Maine. Bartel was the first Miss America to refuse to pose in her swimsuit after the pageant, a choice that eventually led to Catalina Swimwear dropping their sponsorship and starting the Miss USA Pageant. She sold the most Series E bonds in 1943 than any other United States Citizen, amounting to over $2.5 million. 80% of those bonds were sold to women. Bartel was also the very first college girl to win the title of Miss America. After visiting her sorority sisters around the country, she and her traveling companion developed the idea of awarding scholarships to those who competed in the Miss America Organization. The Miss America Organization is now the world's largest provider of scholarships for women in the world. Bartel, from Los Angeles, California, worked for many years on Broadway and in television, including starring in her own travel series, It's a Woman's World.
Marilyn Buferd (January 30, 1925 &ndash; March 27, 1990) was Miss America in 1946. She appeared in several minor films in the 1950s as well as several foreign language films, including the notable Touchez pas au grisbi opposite Jean Gabin (1954). Buferd, from Los Angeles, California, was married first to Franco Barbaro and secondly to Milton Stevens. She died from pancreatic cancer in Austin, Texas on March 27, 1990.
Barbara Jo Walker Hummel (March 12, 1926\u2013June 7, 2000) was Miss America in 1947. She was the last Miss America to be crowned in her bathing suit; all since 1947 have been crowned in their evening gowns. Walker, was Miss Memphis, the last city representative to win the crown. She died in Memphis, Tennessee on June 7, 2000. She attended the University of Memphis and is an alumna of Alpha Gamma Delta sorority.
Jacque Mercer (1931&ndash;2 February, 1982) from Litchfield, Arizona was Miss America in 1949. She is mentioned (usually by title, once by name) several times in the 1997 Philip Roth novel, American Pastoral.
Colleen Kay Hutchins (born 23 May 1926), from Salt Lake City, Utah, was crowned as Brigham Young University Homecoming Queen in 1947 with Jean Romney and Myrlene Romney as her attendants. In 1952 she was crowned as Miss America. She is also the mother of NBA player Kiki Vandeweghe and grandmother of 2008 US Open - Girls Singles winner Coco Vandeweghe. Hutchins and her husband Ernest Vandeweghe were living in Indian Wells, California in 2000.
Neva Jane Langley (born January 25, 1933 in Lakeland, Florida) is an American former beauty pageant contestant. As a college sophomore she transferred to Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia. While attending that college she became Miss Macon, Miss Georgia, and then Miss America in 1953. Ms. Langley's first television appearance as Miss America was on What's My Line (September 14, 1952) as the mystery guest.
Sharon Kay Ritchie (born January 12, 1937) was Miss America in 1956. Ritchie spent her childhood in Grand Island, Nebraska, but hailed from Denver as Miss Colorado. Formerly married to singer/golfer Don Cherry, sportswriter Kyle Rote, and E. F. Hutton &amp; Co. chairman Robert M. Fomon. She has been married to Terry Mullin since 1992.
Marilyn Van Derbur (born June 6, 1937) was Miss America in 1958. Van Derbur from Denver, Colorado, graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Colorado. As a result of a long history of sexual abuse by her father, she founded the American Coalition for Abuse Awareness and One Voice and authored \"Miss America By Day: Lessons Learned from Ultimate Betrayals and Unconditional Love\". She married Lawrence Atler.
Regina Jos\u00E9 Galindo (1974-) is a Guatemalan performance artist who specializes in body art. She was born in Guatemala City.
Maria Beale Fletcher was Miss America 1962. Fletcher is from Asheville, North Carolina, and was a graduate of A.C. Reynolds High School. She worked as a Radio City Music Hall Rockette prior to winning the crown. She was the Miss America Preliminary Competition swimsuit winner, and her overseas tour included visits to 31 Army hospitals and Servicemen's Clubs. Her parents, Beale and Peggy Fletcher, were the founders of the Asheville-area Fletcher School of Dance and the Land of the Sky Civic Ballet. During the late 1960s, Fletcher served as co-host of The Noon Show on Nashville, Tennessee television station WSM.
Deborah Irene Bryant, from Overland Park, Kansas, was Miss America 1966. After graduating in the top ten of her high school graduating class, Deborah went on to attend Columbia College on a full academic scholarship, during which time she represented Kansas in Atlantic City in the 1966 Miss America Pageant. After her year of service as Miss America, Deborah continued her education as an English major at the University of Kansas, graduating Cum Laude Phi Beta Kappa. During her year of service, Deborah spoke in support of \"Project Concern\" which provided medical support to undeveloped countries. Deborah remains active in community service for numerous charitable projects. She was a member of the Mesa Desert Club, which provides scholarships to qualified needy high school graduates, and was also a past member of the Phoenix Junior League. Deborah currently resides in Arizona with husband, Brent. Together they have five children and four grandchildren. She assists her daughter Kristin in the operation of a unique retail store, Domestic Bliss, in historic downtown Mesa. Deborah was nineteen years old when she won the crown. She is five feet seven inches tall. Her hair is brown and her eyes are blue gray. She was very active in community service and was a part of different charities. Deborah currently lives in Arizona.
Pamela Eldred (born April 21, 1948), from West Bloomfield, represented Michigan in the 1970 Miss America pageant and was chosen Miss America 1970. After her year of service she pursued a career. As of 2008 she still lives in West Bloomfield.
Laurel Lea Schaefer from Bexley, Ohio, was Miss America 1972.
Cheryl Prewitt (born 1957), from Ackerman Mississippi was Miss America 1980. Cheryl Prewitt-Salem grew up in the community of Chester in Choctaw County, Mississippi. She is now married to Harry Salem. She has two sons and a daughter who is deceased. Her daughter lived longer than the doctors predicted and that just marked one more miracle in Cheryl's life. She is a strong politically conservative, evangelical Christian. At age 11 a horrifying automobile accident left Cheryl with a scarred face, a body cast and a wheelchair, all of which she overcame to become Miss MSU, Miss Starkville, Miss Mississippi,and Miss America. Cheryl is now proselytizing all around the world. She speaks at many churches, get togethers,and conferences.
Debra Sue Maffett (born November 9, 1956) was Miss America 1983. Debbie graduated from S.P. Waltrip High School in Houston, Texas in 1975. Maffett, from Cut and Shoot, Texas, is no longer a co-host of the \"The Harvest Show\" on LeSea Broadcasting Network. Debra was also host of Hot Hip and Country and main anchor of TNN Country News, a nightly country news magazine show for 3 years reaching 80 million homes on The Nashville Network, now Spike TV
Susan Akin, from Meridian, Mississippi, was Miss America 1986. Born in 1965, she was a member of Pi Beta Phi Fraternity for Women at the University of Mississippi. In the past, Susan traveled extensively with Bob Hope, performing at conventions both in Las Vegas and Atlantic City. Susan has been politically active since her win and was formerly the spokesperson for the National Down's Syndrome Association, during which she spoke before many state elgislatures and advocacy groups. She is also the granddaughter of Bernard L. Akin, a conspirator of the Mississippi Burning Case of 1964. She now lives in Signal Mountain, TN.
Llajua or llajwa, pronounced (ya-hua) is a hot sauce prepared from hot chili peppers called locotos and tomato. Sometimes onions are added, and one of two seasoning herbs cultivated especially for this purpose: kilki\u00F1a in Cochabamba and wakataya in the Altiplano and other valleys of Bolivia. It is preferably prepared on a grinding stone called a batan, which can be found in most Bolivian households of Cochabamba and Altiplano. In the absence of a batan, it can be prepared in blender. It is consumed all over Bolivia. Llajua is used to season a wide variety of dishes. A traditional use is as a dip for plain cooked potatoes or bread, or an addition to soup prior to the main course. Food carts usually have it available for customers and for take-away food it is dispensed in small hand-tied clear plastic bags. In the north of Chile the same sauce receives the name pebre, which in the rest of Chile refers to a completely different dressing.
Chordiant (formerly known as Chordiant Software and J. Frank Consulting) is a publicly-traded American company. It offers enterprise software to help other companies improve the customer experience of their customers. Primarily their software is internet based / J2EE solutions, though some products run on Microsoft . net technologies. They are headquartered in Cupertino, California. Chordiant provides BPM, CRM and Decision Management software which enables building applications that enhance customer interaction. Applications built using the Chordiant framework are being widely used by large organisations in Europe and the USA. Primarily their customers are in the Banking, Insurance, Cable, and Telecom industries. Chordiant originally started out as J Frank Consulting, a consulting company. In 1997 they transformed themselves into a software company rebranded as Chordiant Software. In February 2000 they went public. The company's stock hit an initial high point of $53 shortly after going public but soon crashed to the single digits months later as the software industry in general suffered a significant downturn. Initially Chordiant's software was developed on Forte's 4GL platform. Seeing the promise of the emerging J2EE (Java 2 Enterprise Edition) technologies, and feeling constrained by limitations of the Forte system, Chordiant moved all of their software to the Java / J2EE platform, becoming one of the first packaged enterprise software vendors to ship a completely J2EE-based product suite. Chordiant has acquired a number of software companies including White Spider, Prime Response, the DialogServer product from Actionpoint, OnDemand, and KiQ. Chordiant is a company that was adversely imapacted by Sarbanes / Oxley and was also subject to an options backdating investigation that has plagued many other software and mid sized companies. Currently Chordiant's CEO is Steven Springsteel (who was formerly their CFO). Past CEOs include Steven Kelly, Sam Spadafora, and Carol Realini.
The Berlin Adler is an American football club in Berlin, Germany. The team colors are black and yellow. Adler is the German word for eagle.
Donald Szantho Harrington was an American politician and religious leader.
For former Virginia Tech Hokies basketball player, see Chris Smith (basketball, born 1939). Christopher 'Chris' Gerard Smith (born May 17, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player, in the point guard position.
Joseph Gordon Phillips (born July 15, 1963 in Portland, Oregon) is a former professional American football defensive tackle who played fourteen seasons in the National Football League. After his football career he became an attorney and talk show host.
The Bergamo Lions are a semi-professional American football team from Bergamo, Italy. They won the Eurobowl in 2000, 2001 and 2002, while losing to the Chrysler Vikings in the finals of 2004 and 2005. In Italy they have been unbeaten since 1998. In 1995, the Lions were a part of the European Football League. They have occasionally paid for Canadian football and American football players to play for the team but most Italian-born players are unpaid. One example is former Kansas City Chiefs and Toronto Argonauts wide receiver Jeris McIntyre.
Austin Patrick King (born April 11, 1981 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football center who is currently a free agent in the National Football League. He was most recently with the Seattle Seahawks.
Albums: Festival (Pincushion Star) 2004 Biscuit Palace (Pincushion Star) 2006 Other: \"Mourner's Bench\" on The 3rd Annual Cigar Box Guitar Extravaganza - CD (Flying Monkey Arts) 2007 \"Goofer Dust\" on Masters of the Cigar Box Guitar, Volume 2 - CD (Insurrection/Dark Holler Records) 2007
Stanley (Stan) S. Love (born April 9, 1949 in Los Angeles, California) is a retired American basketball player. A 6' 9\" forward, Love graduated from Morningside High School, Inglewood, California, then played collegiately for the University of Oregon Ducks from 1968 to 1971. Love was the 9th pick in the 1971 NBA Draft, chosen by the Baltimore Bullets. He was also selected by the Dallas Chaparrals in the 1971 ABA Draft. He had also been selected in the 1970 ABA Draft by the Texas Chaparrals while still an underclassman. Love had a four-year professional career with Baltimore and the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association, and the San Antonio Spurs, then of the American Basketball Association. He retired from the sport in 1975, with per-game averages of 6.6 points (on 0.440 FG and 0.751 FT), 3.9 rebounds and 2.5 fouls for 14.7 minutes in 239 career games. Love was inducted into the University of Oregon Athletics Hall of Fame in 1994. Love is the father of basketball player Kevin Love, and the younger brother of Beach Boys founding member Mike Love. He is the cousin of Beach Boys Brian Wilson, Carl Wilson, and Dennis Wilson. In the mid-1970s and 1980s, Love was employed as a full-time bodyguard and assistant to Brian Wilson, working to re-acclimate the troubled musician to daily life and keep him drug-free. In 1982, Love was fined $750 and placed on six months' probation for a home invasion and assault on Dennis Wilson with fellow bodyguard Rocky Pamplin. In 1990, Love filed a petition to be appointed as Brian Wilson's conservator, resulting in the court-ordered severing of personal and financial ties between Wilson and therapist Eugene Landy in 1991. Love currently resides in Lake Oswego, Oregon.
The Boston Museum is a planned history museum for the city of Boston, Massachusetts. If designated by the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority, the Museum will be built on Parcel 9, adjacent to the Rose Kennedy Greenway, Faneuil Hall, the Quincy Market, and abutting from the downtown Haymarket. The Boston Museum will build a pedestrian bridge on Parcel 12, which will directly connect the Greenway to the Museum. In October 2005 the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority designated the project as the official developer for Parcel 12. The planned building will be designed by Moshe Safdie and Associates and is estimated to cost 124 million dollars. The proposal includes exhibition galleries, theater spaces, a series of education and meeting rooms, a grand hall for large public meetings and a grand concourse. The building will also feature restaurants and an information center, as well as green space. The Safdie Proposal has been superseded by a new plan calling for a different design due to Parcel 12 site conditions. The need to build over two highway ramps would add such additional cost that the Boston Museum Project is now seeking permission to construct a smaller alternate project on Parcel 9 \"The Haymarket\". Parcel 12 would be used as the site of a sculptural bridge leading pedestrian traffic across to be able to enter the museum or walk on toward North Station.
Platoon Sergeant Ernest Ivy \"Boots\" Thomas, Jr. (March 10, 1924&ndash;March 3, 1945) was one of the six United States Marines who raised the first American flag on Mount Suribachi, Iwo Jima on February 23, 1945. He was awarded the Navy Cross for his fearless leadership during an assault on Mount Suribachi three days earlier. Thomas was killed in action eight days after the first flag raising.
Rosemary (stage name Rose Marie) Magrill was Miss Florida in 1939. At the time she was crowned she was underage at only 14 years. In order to compete in the Miss Florida pageant, girls were required to be at least 18 and were carefully screened for age, but there were 260 other girls in the contest and Magrill was able to complete the screening process without being asked her age. Her true age was not revealed to contest officials until after her crowning, when she was competing for the title of Miss America. Magrill was permitted to continue in the Miss America contest, where she ultimately finished as a semi-finalist. After the Miss America contest, Magrill remained in New York and became a Broadway dancer. She was the cover girl for True Story magazine in October, 1939. A November 2006 article in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel listed her as a dancer with the Duke Ellington Review and the George White's Scandals among others. Magrill is currently a dance instructor in Pompano Beach, Florida.
Private First Class Ram\u00F3n Nu\u00F1ez-Juarez (May 25, 1931-August 9, 1952) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross, second highest military award of the United States of America after the Medal of Honor. He was the only Puerto Rican member of the United States Marine Corps whose remains have never been recovered and who was listed as Missing in Action during the Korean War.
Muck and the Mires are an American Rock and Roll band. Their music in a cross between the 1964 British Invasion and American garge rock of the 1960s.
Darius A. Monsef IV (born September 26, 1981 in Honoka'a, Hawaii) is an entrepreneur from Portland, Oregon known most widely as the founder of COLOURlovers and co-founder of the Hands On Worldwide (HOW) charitable organization. He served as Operations Director for HOW's Katrina Relief Project in Biloxi, MS organizing over 1,500 volunteers and delivering millions of dollars in volunteer labor and supplies. Though he has formally studied both business and fashion, he is a self-proclaimed \"Internet Astronaut\" and cultivates a particularly diverse array of clientele, projects and causes. He does his creative consulting and web development work through Lord IV, Inc. the parent company of COLOURlovers.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 26 (MALS-26) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are currently based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 26 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Marine Aircraft Group 93 (MAG-93) was s United States Marine Corps aviation group established during World War II. MAG-93, a dive bombing training group, was commissioned on April 1, 1944 and was headquartered at Marine Corps Auxiliary Airfield Bogue, North Carolina. Their mission was to train pilots to fly the Curtiss SB2C Helldiver. The group was deactivated in October 1945 as part of the post-war drawdown of forces and has been inactive since.
LifeScan, Inc. is a Johnson &amp; Johnson company headquartered in Milpitas, California. LifeScan manufactures and markets Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems like the OneTouch Ultra family for home and hospital use. The company philosophy is to \"create a world without limits for people with diabetes. \" LifeScan also has facilities in Inverness, Scotland; Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada; and Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico. Animas Corporation of West Chester, Pennsylvania, acquired by Johnson &amp; Johnson in 2006, reports to LifeScan. Animas produces and develops insulin pumps for people with diabetes. It is also developing a facility in Aguadilla in Puerto Rico for the production of test strips.
Kim Bobo is a religious and workers' rights activist, and executive director of Interfaith Worker Justice. She is widely quoted in newspapers and broadcast media as an expert on worker justice issues.
Marine Torpedo Bombing Squadron 132 (VMTB-132) was a dive bomber squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CThe Crying Red Asses\u201D, fought in World War II during the Battle of Guadalcanal as part of the Cactus Air Force and later fought in the Central Solomon Islands. They were deactivated shortly after the end of the war.
Joseph Raymond Sarnoski (January 31, 1915&ndash;June 16, 1943) was an officer of the United States Army Air Forces during a World War II, and awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously. Sarnoski was part of Capt. Jay Zeamer Jr. 's crew on Old 666 on the day that both he and Zeamer earned the Medal of Honor.
William Maud Bryant (February 16, 1933 &ndash; March 24, 1969) was a United States Army Special Forces soldier and a recipient of America's highest military decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Regina Centre is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It is now part of Regina Elphinstone-Centre. It was the riding of premier Allan Blakeney.
Regina Elphinstone is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It is now part of Regina Elphinstone-Centre. It was the riding of former Premier Allan Blakeney &amp; later of former Deputy Premier Dwain Lingenfelter.
Morse is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the town of Morse, Saskatchewan. The district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912, and abolished before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It was the riding of Premier Ross Thatcher. It is now part of the Thunder Creek, Swift Current, and Wood River constituencies.
Melville was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located in southeastern Saskatchewan, this constituency was created before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It was the riding of Premier James Garfield Gardiner. The Representation Act, 2002 (Saskatchewan) merged this riding with parts of the Saltcoats electoral district to form the new riding of Melville-Saltcoats.
Saskatoon City is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. This constituency existed from 1908 to 1967. It was the riding of Premier James T.M. Anderson. During the 15th Saskatchewan Legislative Assembly (from 1964 to 1967), an amendment to the Representation Act divided Saskatoon City into several electoral divisions: Saskatoon City Park-University Saskatoon Mayfair Saskatoon Nutana Centre Saskatoon Nutana South Saskatoon Riversdale From 1921 to 1967 Saskatoon City was one of three districts in the province that elected more than one representative to the Legislature. Thus, multiple MLAs elected from this constituency will be noted in bold type.
Moose Jaw County is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. The district was created as \"Moose Jaw\" before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. The riding was abolished and combined with the districts of Lumsden, Notukeu-Willow Bunch, and Milestone before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It was the constituency of Premier Charles Avery Dunning. It is now part of the Thunder Creek, Moose Jaw Wakamow, and Wood River constituencies.
Lumsden is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. The district was one of 25 created before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. It was the riding of Premier Thomas Walter Scott. The Lumsden constituency was renamed \"Regina County\" between the 1908 election and the 1912 election. Redrawn to include the area of the abolished district of North Qu'Appelle in 1975, the constituency was renamed \"Qu'Appelle\". Redrawn and renamed again as \"Qu'Appelle-Lumsden\" in 1982, the riding was abolished before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the Regina Qu'Appelle Valley, Thunder Creek, and Last Mountain-Touchwood constituencies.
Regina City is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It was the riding of premier William Melville Martin. It existed from 1905 to 1964 when it was divided into: Regina East (2 members) Regina North Regina South Regina West
Marine Attack Squadron 144 (VMA-144) was a reserve A-4 Skyhawk fighter squadron in the United States Marine Corps. Originally known as VMSB-144, the squadron saw its first combat in World War II as part of the Cactus Air Force during the Battle of Guadalcanal and also provided close air support during the Bougainville campaign (1943-45). Following the war the squadron was deactivated but later became part of the Marine Air Reserve and was based out of Naval Air Station Jacksonville and then Naval Air Station Cecil Field, Florida.
Garfield McConnell Langhorn (September 10, 1948 &ndash; January 15, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of America's highest military decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
The Neats were a Boston rock band that existed from the late 1970s to early 1990s. They first recorded for the independent Propeller label, which in 1981 released the song, \"Six\", a swirling, Vox-washed slab of garage rock reminiscent of Question Mark &amp; the Mysterians. The following year, their well-received debut, 7-song EP, The Monkey's Head in the Corner of the Room, was released on Boston's Ace of Hearts Records. It was voted one of the best EPs of 1982 in the Village Voice's annual Pazz &amp; Jop poll. Three full-length albums followed. The band featured well-crafted songs and a psychedelic power pop sound in a similar vein as The Dream Syndicate and The Feelies. They occasionally played on the same bill as Mission of Burma; they once toured nationally with R.E.M..
Gayla Leigh Shoemake was a contestant in the Miss America pageant as Miss Kansas 1960. The previous year, she was Miss Kansas State University, where she attended and was a member of Delta Delta Delta sorority.
Melinda Toole is a native of the Birmingham, Alabama area. Toole won the title of Miss Alabama 2006 as Miss Samford University. She had previously placed in the top ten of the 2005 event. She was crowned by outgoing titleholder Alexa Jones. Toole competed in the Miss America 2007 pageant broadcast live on CMT from the Theatre for the Performing Arts on 29 January 2007. During this process, she was named 4th Runner Up to Miss America, 2nd Runner up for the Quality of Life Award for her platform character education, and Miss Congeniality. Melinda was the first Miss Alabama to be awarded the honor of Miss Congeniality, which was decided by the 2007 Miss America contestants and the American public. While competing in this event, her talent is a vocal performance of Time to Say Goodbye, a song made famous by Sarah Brightman and Andrea Bocelli. Toole, who attended Pinson Valley High School, graduated from Samford University with a degree in elementary education in May 2006.
Clifford Chester Sims (June 18, 1942 &ndash; February 21, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of America's highest military decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
James L. Guetti (November 5, 1937 \u2013 January 11, 2007), Professor of English at Rutgers University, was a philosopher of language, author, and professor. His main interests were the fiction of Joseph Conrad and the philosophy of Ludwig Wittgenstein. The goals of his teaching were to have his students become better thinkers and more effective writers. Born in Medford, Massachusetts, son of James and Gladys (Cutter) Guetti, his family moved to Florida when he was three years old. He spent his early childhood years in Miami, Hialeah, and Sweetwater. During his adolescence, his family moved back to Massachusetts, this time to Orange. From there, they relocated to Warwick, Rhode Island, where Jim graduated from James T. Lockwood High School in 1955. As the first in his family to attend college, he received several academic and athletic awards at Amherst College. The latter awards were for his prowess in football. In 1959, he was awarded his A.B. degree cum laude. A year later, he received his M.A. from Cornell University. A Ph.D. from the same institution followed in 1964. He then taught English at The Taft School for a year. Subsequently, he transferred to Rutgers University where he was an English professor for 36 years. Jim Guetti died of cancer at his home in Leverett, Massachusetts. He was married, with two sons.
Walter Johnson (November 13, 1942 &ndash; June 29, 1999) was an American football defensive tackle who played thirteen seasons in the National Football League with the Cleveland Browns.
Joseph James Marzilli, Jr. (born 8 May 1958 in Stoneham, Massachusetts) was a member of the Massachusetts Senate. Marzilli, a Democrat, was elected to the Senate in a special election in December 2007, representing the communities of Arlington, Billerica, Burlington, Lexington and Woburn partway through his ninth term in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, representing Arlington and West Medford. He was the Senate Chair of the Committee on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development. He also served on the Committees on Children and Families, Mental Health and Substance Abuse and Veterans' Affairs. He resigned from the chamber on November 14, 2008.
Frederick David Quillan (born January 27, 1956 in Portland, Oregon) is a former professional American football offensive lineman from 1978 through 1987. During that span he appeared in two Super Bowls: Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX for the San Francisco 49ers. Quillan was a key contributor on the final 89-yard drive that led to the play that has been immortalized as \"The Catch\" in the versus the Dallas Cowboys. \"The Catch\", as the play has since been named by sportscasters, reminded older 49er fans of the \"Alley-oop\" passes that Y.A. Tittle threw to lanky receiver R.C. Owens back in the 1950s. A picture of Clark's leap in the air taken by Walter Iooss, Jr. appeared on the cover of that week's Sports Illustrated and was also featured in an Autumn 2005 commercial for Gatorade. He played college football at the University of Oregon. He has three children: Kyle Quillan, Kenneth Quillan, and Colby Quillan.
John Ewing (June 1, 1863 \u2013 April 23, 1895) was a professional baseball player. He was a pitcher over four seasons (1888-1891) with the Louisville Colonels, New York Giants of the Players League, and New York Giants of the National League. In six years in the major leagues, Ewing played in four different leagues (National League, Union Association, American Association, Players League). Ewing compiled a 53-63 career record in 129 appearances, with a 3.68 ERA and 525 strikeouts. In 1891 he led the National League in ERA (a retroactive ranking; ERA was not tabulated in that era) while playing for New York. Ewing was the brother of Hall of Fame catcher and infielder Buck Ewing. The brothers played on the same team for two seasons, and Buck managed the 1890 Giants team for which John pitched. Ewing was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and died in Denver, Colorado at the age of 31.
Jamie Wilson is a beauty queen from Minden, Louisiana who has competed in the Miss America pageant. Competing as Miss Louisiana Watermelon Festival, Wilson won the Miss Louisiana 2006 title in a state pageant held in Monroe, Louisiana in June 2006. Earlier in the pageant week she won a preliminary swimsuit award. She had placed first runner-up in the competition in 2005, in the top ten in 2004, and competed but did not place in 2003. She was Miss Minden 2003. Wilson represented Louisiana in the Miss America 2007 pageant broadcast live from the Theatre for the Performing Arts on the Las Vegas Strip on 29 January 2007 but did not win any preliminary awards or place in the final competition. The event was won by Lauren Nelson of Oklahoma. Jamie's platform is \"Increased Awareness of Dyspraxia\", a condition that affects her younger brother. She was a Louisiana Tech and LSU law student.
Vimo Inc. is the United States' first integrated comparison-shopping portal for healthcare products and services. On January 24, 2006, the company launched a website to allow businesses and consumers to research, rate and purchase health insurance plans and Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), and rate and review any doctor in the country. Vimo gained national attention in 2007 for its free service to enable consumers to comparison shop for medical services like heart transplants and out-patient surgeries. Funded by Bessemer Venture Partners and Trinity Ventures, Vimo began operating as Healthia in 2005, changing its name from Healthia to Vimo on September 20, 2006. In January 2007, Vimo became the first Web site to offer a \"click to call\" service that enables visitors to instantly connect over the phone with a health insurance broker.
The Rabinal Ach\u00ED is a Maya theatrical play performed in Rabinal, Baja Verapaz, Guatemala. Its original name is Xajooj Tun meaning, Tun (drum) Dance. Rabinal Ach\u00ED is a dynastic Maya drama from the fifteenth century and a rare example of pre-Hispanic traditions. It comprises myths of origin and addresses popular and political subjects concerning the inhabitants of the region of Rabinal, expressed through masked dance, theatre, and music. The music is played on the tun, a wooden slit-drum of great antiquity, and two trumpets or shawms. The tun player is usually also the stage and music director, and is often in charge of the production. The drama was translated into French by Charles-\u00C9tienne Brasseur de Bourbourg, from an Achi narration of the cofrade Bartolo Sis in 1856. The oral and written narrative is presented by a group of characters, who appear on a stage representing Maya villages, especially Kajyub\u2019, the regional capital of the Rabinaleb\u2019 in the fourteenth century. The drama, divided into four acts, deals with a conflict between two major political entities in the region, the Rabinaleb\u2019 and the K\u2019iche\u2019. The main characters are two princes, the Rabinal Ach\u00ED or prince of Rabinal, and the K\u2019iche Ach\u00ED or prince of the K'iche'. The other characters are the king of Rabinaleb\u2019, Job\u2019Toj, and his servant, Achij Mun; Ixoq Mun, who has both male and female traits; the green-feathered mother, Uchuch Q\u2019uq\u2019, Uchuch Raxon; and thirteen eagles and thirteen jaguars who represent the warriors of the fortress of Kajyub\u2019. K\u2019iche\u2019 Ach\u00ED is captured and put on trial for having attempted to steal Rabinaleb\u2019 children, a grave violation of Maya Law. Since colonization in the sixteenth century, the Rabinal Ach\u00ED dance has been performed on Saint Paul\u2019s day on 25 January. The festival is co-ordinated by members of cofrad\u00EDas, local brotherhoods responsible for running the community. By taking part in the dance, the living enter into \u201Ccontact\u201D with the dead, the rajawales, ancestors represented by masks. For the Achis of modern-day Rabinal, recalling their ancestors is not just about perpetuating the heritage of the past. It is also a vision of the future, since one day the living will join their ancestors. In 2005, the dance drama from Rabinal was declared one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
Kate Michael, from Lilburn, Georgia, holds the Miss District of Columbia 2006 title. Michael succeeded Shannon Schambeau as Miss D.C. on July 1, 2006 and also competed in the Miss America 2007 pageant held January 29, 2007.
Kris(ten) Krull is a beauty queen from New York who has competed in the Miss America pageant. Krull won the Miss New York 1974 title and represented New York at the Miss America 1975 pageant held in Atlantic City, New Jersey. She performed in two Miss America USO troupes across Europe and southeast Asia. She is now Kris Coleman, and a school nurse in Sun Valley, California.
Talbot Smith (born September 27, 1933, in Framingham, Massachusetts) is the president/baseball operations of the Houston Astros of National Major League Baseball and a longtime executive in the game who has also been a consultant on salary arbitration cases to MLB clubs. He is the father of baseball executive Randy Smith. After attending Duke University, serving in the United States Air Force, and a brief time as a sportswriter, Tal Smith began his baseball career in the front office of the Cincinnati Reds as a prot\u00E9g\u00E9 of Gabe Paul, their GM from 1951-60. He moved with Paul to Houston when the Astros were founded (as the Colt .45s) at the close of the 1960 baseball campaign. While Paul stayed only a few months in Texas before resigning to return to Ohio as front-office boss of the Cleveland Indians, Smith remained with Houston as the team's farm system director and he was promoted to vice president, player personnel after the 1965 season. When Paul surfaced as a member of George Steinbrenner's syndicate, which purchased the New York Yankees early in 1973, he hired Smith away from the Astros as executive vice president and head of the Yanks' baseball operations department. Smith spent 2\u00BD seasons as a key part of the management team that built the Yankees back into a league power. But when the chance came to become the general manager of the Astros on August 7, 1975, Smith accepted it. Houston was in last place in the National League West Division when Smith assumed the reins, but under his leadership, the team rebuilt itself into contenders, winning its first division title in 1980. Along the way, Smith was named team president in 1976 and helped resolve the club's ownership problem when he helped to convince Dr. John McMullen, a limited partner in the Yankees, to sell his shares there and become the owner of the Astros. However, in a move that shocked baseball, McMullen fired Smith as his general manager only days after the team's successful 1980 season. McMullen's motive was never fully explained, and Smith, rather than seeking another front-office job in the game, formed his own consulting firm (Tal Smith Enterprises) to advise MLB clubs on how best to handle salary arbitration cases with their players. His firm became extremely successful over the next 15 years. Thus it was also a surprise, in 1995, when Smith returned to the Astros (under the club's current owner, Drayton McLane, Jr. ), as president of baseball operations, a position he continues to hold. Likewise, Tal Smith Enterprises is still a going concern. On August 27, 2007, Smith was named acting GM after the firing of Tim Purpura. He re-assumed his previous position upon the appointment of Ed Wade as fulltime GM on September 21, 2007.
Precision Monolithics, Inc. also known in the electronics industry (and popularly) as PMI, was an American company based in Santa Clara, California, USA that developed and produced mixed signal and linear semiconductors, and is especially noteworthy as the first company to make two-chip and single chip D/A converters. The company was founded in 1969 by Marv Rudin and co-founder Garth Wilson. (Both left Fairchild Semiconductor at the end of 1968. Wilson was circuit design manager under Rudin who managed Linear circuit R&amp;D at the Fairchild Semiconductor R&amp;D Laboratory in Palo Alto from 1966 to 1968. At the beginning, Wilson was Vice President responsible for Engineering and Production, and reported to Rudin who was President, and Marketing Manager. Jim Grugan from Fairchild joined shortly after incorporation as Vice President Administration, responsible for Finance, Facilities, and Purchasing. Immediately after financing and incorporation, they offered founder stock and hired IC designers George Erdi from Fairchild,and Dan Dooley from TRW Microelectronics shortly thereafter. And they hired a chief process engineer, Jerry Bresee, from Techtronix, who developed a semiconductor process far superior to what they were able to access from the Fairchild R&amp;D processing services department, with the exception of nitride passivation for low 1/f noise which was technology known by the founders from Fairchild. Dooley recruited his thin film technician with a precision resistor fabrication skill that was essential for producing the biggest selling type of product that helped launch the company - micro D/A converters. Semiconductor and materials engineer Wadie Khadder was hired with founder stock from Fairchild to support Bresee in both semiconductor process engineering and also the critical precision thin film technology initially needed for producing high accuracy 2-chip D/A converters. PMI pioneered in designing and manufacturing the first 10 bit semiconductor IC D/A converters on the market. In March 1970, during the IEEE Annual Convention in New York, PMI caused a major stir in engineering circles by introducing the aimDac100, the first 10bit 2-chip D/A converter in a DIP semiconductor package. Not only was it far more compact and reliable than the modules that were atate of the art at that time, but it provided 10 bit accuracy over the full military temperature range. The first monolithic converter, the MonoDac01, was developed and marketed by PMI in 1971. It was used by JPL for their first moon probe, By 1972 Dan Dooley, who had designed the 6-bit Dac-01 using diffused resistors, and Jerry Bresee, PMI's chief process engineer who developed process uniformity never before seen in the semiconductor industry, combined to design and produce a full 10 bit D/A converter on a single chip, the monoDac02. At that point PMI's linear process uniformity and products capitalizing on that uniformity put PMI in a class by itself. It would be several years before any other company could match the Dac-02. Bresee's superior processes, and George Erdi's outstanding design expertise enabled PMI to establish itself as a superior source of linear amplifiers, including operational amplifiers, some of which garnered U.S. patents. By superior layout and circuit design made possible by Bresee's and Khadders superior process uniformity, transistor performance, and surface passivation, Erdi was able to design and achieve breakthrough advances in micro power amplifiers with both low iput offset and 1/f noise voltage rivaling many chopper amplifiers formerly used exclusively for micro volt input amplifiers. They and other PMI engineers later expanded their efforts to include high-precision voltage references and additional mixed-signal semiconductors for data acquisition, data conversion, and telecommunications. PMI also bought Solid State Micro Technology. Erdi and Khadder left PMI in 1981 to co-found Linear Technology. PMI was founded with financing from Bourns, Inc. which held 70% of the shares and 30% was stock purchased at a nominal price by the founders. Ultimately all shares were purchased by Bourns to make PMI a wholly-owned subsidiary, PMI was finally bought by Analog Devices in August 1990. Many of PMI's converters, amplifiers, voltage references, and other linear ICs continue to be manufactured and marketed by Analog Devices, and currently maintain the largest share of the precision linear market .
Assiniboia-Bengough was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created from the riding of Benough and parts of other ridings before the 1971 Saskatchewan general election. This riding was only in existence for a few years, being replaced by the ridings of Benough-Milestone and Assiniboia-Gravelbourg before the 1975 Saskatchewan general election.
Aeluros Inc is a fabless semiconductor company developing integrated circuits for wireline communications - specifically for Ethernet operating at 10 Gigabits per second. The company was founded in 2001 &lt;/ref&gt;, and produces physical layer ICs used in 10GE line cards and optical modules. The company is the first to produce a XAUI transceiver dissipating less than 1 Watt of power, a transceiver that can drive directly a 10 Gbit/s VCSEL, and a transceiver with integrated Electronic Dispersion Compensation for 10GE using Multi-mode optical fiber. The company was acquired by NetLogic Microsystems in October 2007 in a deal exceeding $70M.
Mark James DeSaulnier (de-sohn-YAY, born March 31, 1952) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the California Legislature representing California's 7th State Senate district since December 2008. From 2006 to 2008, DeSaulnier represented California's 11th State Assembly district. Previously, he served as a Contra Costa County supervisor (district 4, 1994 - 2006) and on the Concord City Council (1991 - 1994). In March 2009, DeSaulnier announced his candidacy for the United States House of Representatives in the special election for the 10th congressional district after the expected resignation of the incumbent Ellen O'Kane Tauscher. DeSaulnier received endorsements from Congresswoman Taucher and Congressman George Miller (7th congressional district) for the seat. In the September 1 primary election, DeSaulnier came in third.
John Grady (June 18, 1860 - July 15, 1893) played one year of professional baseball for the 1884 Altoona Mountain Citys. Mainly an outfielder, Grady played in 9 games, getting 36 at bats. His batting average was .306. Grady died in his hometown of Lowell, Massachusetts at the age of 33.
The Dear Hunter is a full-time project of Casey Crescenzo, formerly of post-hardcore band The Receiving End of Sirens. The band's sound is not unlike that of Casey's former band, but with more alternative and progressive rock tendencies and a wider variety of instrumentation.
In the summer of 1995, Ned Davis needed an opening act for his group Planet Ten, to perform at a benefit for the Civic Media Center, a local alternative library. Planet Ten also included drummer Blue Lang, as well as horn players Don Undeen and Alyson Carrel. Through a friend Davis was introduced to singer-songwriter M. David Hornbuckle, who had recently moved to town from Birmingham, Alabama. Hornbuckle gave Davis a rough demo tape he had recorded earlier that morning, and Davis was sufficiently impressed. The following week, Hornbuckle opened for Planet Ten at the Civic Media Center benefit. Planet Ten had a second show later that night at a coffeehouse called Insomnia. The first show had gone well, so Davis asked Hornbuckle if he'd like to come along and open the show again and added, \"Blue and I will back you. \" With Davis on bass and Lang on drums, Hornbuckle played his second set of the night, taking only a few seconds between songs to quickly describe the chord changes to his new backing group. The band was a hit, and the mold for a new group was forged. The trio played a handful of shows under the names Hornbuckle and Satanbuckle. Soon, Davis expressed an interest in playing lead guitar in the new band instead of bass. Through mutual friends, they found Michael Murphy to play bass, allowing Davis to switch to lead guitar. As a quartet, the band changed its name to the Semantics and release a 9-song demo tape called \"Some Antics by the Semantics. \" Within a few months, Carrel and Undeen had joined the group, bringing along Lorien Carsey on violin. At that point, Davis was beginning to bring in songs he had written, as well as arranging horn and string parts for the new players. In addition, Davis and Hornbuckle began writing songs together. In 1996, after a dispute with another band that laid claim to the name \"the Semantics\" the group changed its name to PopCanon. During that year, they recorded the album \"The Kingdom of Idiot Rock,\" their first release on CD and the first to receive mass distribution and reviews. They released the new album in 1997 on the weekend of a massive Fall music festival in Gainesville called the Alachua Music Harvest. Shortly after the release of that album, Blue Lang and Lorien Carsey both quit the band. Lang was replaced on drums by Robbie Copeland, a young drummer from Orlando. For the 1998 Alachua Music Harvest, PopCanon released an EP of songs by or about other Florida bands called \"PopCanon Covers It Up,\" including covers of bands such as The Causey Way and Squeaky. Later that year, the band also released a full-length album of outtakes and joke songs called \"Pricksongs and Descants. \" In December 1999, PopCanon released their final album \"D'art,\" which includes their (arguably) most popular song \"Arthole. \" By 2001, Hornbuckle made plans to move to New York to pursue a writing career, Carrel was considering going to law school in Chicago, and Murphy had already moved to San Francisco, though he returned to Gainesville regularly. The band played its Last Show Ever at Common Grounds in Gainesville, April 2001. Fittingly, Common Grounds was in the same location as Insomnia, the coffeehouse where the band played its first show. Filmmaker and actor Alex Fernandez videotaped this show and conducted numerous interviews with the band during the week preceding the show. He his currently in the process of creating a documentary about the band. PopCanon reunited briefly for a show in 2002, but to date has not performed publicly as a band since then.
Pat Bradley (born 16 May 1976) is a former American basketball player and coach. Born in Everett, Massachusetts, Bradley was a break out star on the eight grade Everett Rats and averaged 46 ppg and became the best player of Everett he then went on to attended Everett High School and then went to college at the University of Arkansas. Bradley played basketball for the Arkansas Razorbacks and was a four-time letterman from 1996-99. By the time he left, he had set the University of Arkansas and Southeastern Conference all-time records for three-point field goals made (366) and attempted (915). His Southeastern Conference record was subsequently broken in 2008 by Chris Lofton of the University of Tennessee. Bradley also set an SEC record with a three-point field goal in 60 consecutive games and ranks in the top ten on the NCAA career list for three pointers. He finished fifth on UA scoring list with 1,765 points. He was a two-time All-SEC performer in 1998 and 1999. Bradley received his degree in communications from the University of Arkansas in 2001. Bradley later moved on to play professional basketball in Denmark and France, as well as for a brief time for the Arkansas Rimrockers, an NBA Development League team. He also worked as a coach and in the front office for the team. Bradley is currently a sports talk radio co-host for 103.7 The Buzz in Little Rock, Arkansas. He co-hosts the 10 am to 1 pm slot called The Zone alongside Justin \"no neck\" Acri and \"Freaky\" Joe Franklin.
Bruce Allan Laird (born 1950) is a retired American Pro Football player. Laird was a Pro-Bowl Defensive Back, primarily a Strong Safety with the Baltimore Colts from 1972\u20131981, then for San Diego Chargers for two seasons before retiring after the 1983 season. Over Bruce's 12 year career he started in 127 games, and played in a total of 164 games. The first half of his career, Laird was a special teams Punt and Kick returner. Although, he never returned one for a touchdown, he racking up 3,748 yards in 213 attempts, with a career long of 73 yards, and an average Punt return of 6.6 yards per attempt, and Kick return of 24.7 yards per attempt.
EBSuite. com - eBusiness Suite of CRM business tools develops a CRM application for small, medium &amp; enterprises organizations that is offered as on-demand or Software as a Service (SaaS). On-demand software, or Software as a Service (SaaS), has grown since early 2002.
Herman Ralph Wehmeier (February 18, 1927 - May 21, 1973) born in Cincinnati, Ohio was a pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds (1945 and 1947-54), Philadelphia Phillies (1954-56), St. Louis Cardinals (1956-58) and Detroit Tigers (1958). He led the National League in Walks Allowed in 1949 (117), 1950 (135) and 1952 (103). He led the NL in Earned Runs Allowed (145) in 1950. He led the NL in Wild Pitches in 1949 (7) and 1950 (11). He led the NL in Hit Batsmen (7) in 1952. In 13 seasons he had a 92-108 Win-Loss record, 361 Games, 240 Games Started, 79 Complete Games, 9 Shutouts, 48 Games Finished, 9 Saves, 1,803 Innings Pitched, 1,806 Hits Allowed, 1,044 Runs Allowed, 961 Earned Runs Allowed, 210 Home Runs Allowed, 852 Walks Allowed, 794 Strikeouts, 31 Hit Batsmen, 48 Wild Pitches, 7,925 Batters Faced, 3 Balks and a 4.80 ERA. He died in Dallas, Texas at the age of 46.
The city of Boston, Massachusetts, USA, has many nicknames due to historical context. They include: The City on a Hill came from original Massachusetts Bay Colony's governor John Winthrop's goal to create the biblical \"City on a Hill. \" It also refers to the original three hills of Boston. The Hub is a shortened form of a phrase recorded by writer Oliver Wendell Holmes, The Hub of the Solar System. This has since developed into The Hub of the Universe. The Athens of America is a title given by William Tudor, co-founder of the North American Review for Boston's great cultural and intellectual influence. The Puritan City nickname references the religion of the city's founders. The Cradle of Liberty derives from Boston's role in instigating the American Revolution. City of Notions in the nineteenth century. America's Walking City, because Boston's compact and high density nature has made walking an effective and popular mode of transit in the city. In fact, it has the seventh-highest percentage of pedestrian commuters of any city in the United States, while neighboring Cambridge is the highest. Bean Town refers to the regional dish of baked beans. Titletown refers to Boston's historic dominance in the world of sports, specifically the Boston Celtics, having 17 NBA Championships. City of Champions, much like Titletown, refers to Boston's recent streak of dominance in sports, with the Boston Red Sox, Boston Celtics, and New England Patriots each winning World Championships in the last decade. The Olde Towne comes from the fact that Boston is one of the oldest cities in the United States. It is often used in reference to the Boston Red Sox (The Olde Towne Team)
Rosalyn McCall is a rapper and Miami bass dance music artist who performed under the moniker MC Luscious. She is best known for her 1991 single \"Boom! I Got Your Boyfriend.\"
Matchbox Twenty (originally spelled officially as Matchbox 20 aka MB20) is an American rock band, formed in Orlando, Florida in 1995. The group currently comprises of Rob Thomas, Paul Doucette, Brian Yale, Kyle Cook and Ryan MacMillan. Matchbox Twenty released their debut album, Yourself or Someone Like You in 1996. The album was a huge commercial success, and was certified diamond in the United States. Their second album, Mad Season, released in 2000, while not as successful as the band's debut, managed to maintain Matchbox Twenty's popularity with the mainstream audience. The album charted the in the top three on the Billboard 200 and was certified 4x platinum in the United States. Their third album, More Than You Think You Are, released in 2002, was commercially unsuccessful, despite its singles receiving significant airplay. The band then went on hiatus in 2004, and rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor left the band in 2005, after performing on the first three studio albums. As a result Paul Doucette took over rhythm guitar, and the band re-united and released a compilation album, Exile on Mainstream, in 2007. The album featured six new songs and eleven greatest hits songs, and the was certified gold in the United States. Matchbox Twenty is currently working on their fourth studio album.
Joseph Michael Smith (born March 22, 1984) is a Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the Cleveland Indians. He is 6'2\" and weighs 215 lbs. He attended Wright State University and was drafted by the Mets in the 3rd round of the June 2006 amateur draft. He was the second player from the 2006 draft to make it to the major leagues. He is the son of Michael and Lee Smith, and has one younger sister, Megan Smith.
Guatelmalan Sign Language is a deaf sign language used in Guatemala. The first dictionary was published in 2000. It is distinct from the sign languages used in Mexico and other neighboring Spanish speaking countries, and should also be distinguished from Highland Maya Sign Language which is used among K'iche' Maya of rural Guatemala.
Culture was a Florida-based vegan/straight edge hardcore band. They formed in 1992, and lasted until 1998, when Damien Moyal merged the remaining members into the second incarnation of As Friends Rust.
Kevin Gunderson (Born September 16, 1984 in Portland, Oregon) is a Minor League Baseball pitcher who played for the Oregon State Beavers of Oregon State University before being drafted by the Atlanta Braves.
Marine Fighting Squadron 216 (VMF-216) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II. Known as the \u201CBulldogs\u201D, they flew the F4U Corsair and participated in numerous combat engagements in the Pacific Theater. They were deactivated on March 10, 1945 and remain in an inactive status today.
Peter Ho is an Asian American Hip Hop rapper and producer living in New York City who performs under the name Pete Miser.
Major General Edwin Davies Patrick was an American General who was the commander of the 6th Infantry Division during World War II.
Brian Lee Hunter (born March 5, 1971) is a former center fielder in Major League Baseball. At 6'3\" and around 180 lbs, he was known for stealing over 70 bases in 1997.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1988 provincial election, and won 25 seats to form a minority government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
There were eleven independent candidates in the 1988 Manitoba provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
David (\"Dave\") Foley is a former college and professional offensive lineman of the 1960s and '70s. Foley was a three-year starter at offensive tackle for the Ohio State Buckeyes under head coach Woody Hayes. Foley stated that he did not intend to come to Ohio State but was won over by charisma of coach Hayes and by seeing The Ohio State University Marching Band performing in Ohio Stadium. Foley played right tackle in 1966 and 1967, and moved to left tackle in 1968. Prior to his senior year, he was named a team co-captain, along with linebacker Dirk Worden. That year the Buckeyes finished the season undefeated and was voted consensus national champion after defeating the University of Southern California in the 1969 Rose Bowl. Foley was a consensus All-America selection in 1968. He was also a three-year Academic All American. He was elected to the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame in 1984. Foley was selected in the first round of the 1969 NFL Draft by the New York Jets. After two years with the Jets he was traded to the Buffalo Bills, where he played for the remainder of his professional career. He was selected for the Pro Bowl in 1973.
Alfred Stanley \"Stan\" Benjamin (May 20, 1914 \u2013 December 24, 2009) was a right fielder in Major League Baseball for five seasons; four with the Philadelphia Phillies, of the National League (NL), and one with the Cleveland Indians, of the American League (AL). The 6' 2\", 194 lb. Benjamin batted and threw right-handed, and was born in Framingham, Massachusetts. After graduating from high school, he attended Western Maryland College, now known as McDaniel College, where he played baseball, basketball, and football. In addition to his major league playing career, he played in minor league baseball for ten seasons. He began at the age of 23, with the Thomasville Orioles of the Georgia-Florida League in 1937, and finished as the player-manager for the Fresno Cardinals of the California League in 1948. During that time, he played in 955 minor league games, and batted .304, and hit 52 home runs. In the early 1940s, he was an assistant football coach at Northeastern University. Later, during his minor league career, he began coaching high school football, part-time, in his home town of Framingham, and then full-time once his playing and managing career ended. Starting in 1948, he was the head baseball coach and assistant football coach for Greenfield High School in Greenfield, Massachusetts, and took over the head football coaching duties in 1958. He held both positions, in addition to being a physical education teacher for a local middle school and part-time basketball referee until 1964. In 1965, he was hired as a talent scout for the Houston Astros, a job he held for nearly 40 years. It was his evaluation of Jeff Bagwell that led the Astros to acquire him from the Boston Red Sox for Larry Andersen.
Isaac Royall, Jr. (1719\u20131781) was a colonial American slaveholder who played an important role in the creation of Harvard Law School. He was the son of Isaac Royall, an Antiguan slaveholder who moved his family to Medford, Massachusetts in the early 18th century. He took over his father's estate, \"Ten Hills Farm,\" which is now the Isaac Royall House, a museum containing the only slave quarters in the northeast United States. During the Revolution, Royall, who had patriot sympathies but significant Loyalist connections, fled to Nova Scotia and subsequently to England, where he died of smallpox in 1781. In his will of 1779, Royall left land to Harvard College to establish the first professorship in law at the school. His heirs subsequently inherited the Medford estate and used the proceeds from its sale to endow Harvard Law School itself.
William Edward Adams (June 16, 1939 \u2013 May 25, 1971) was a Major in the United States Army who was killed in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He received the Medal of Honor.
Lewis Albanese (April 27, 1946 \u2013 December 1, 1966) was an American United States Army Private First Class during the Vietnam War who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during a fire fight where he freed his platoon from sniper fire.
Signal Zero was a West Palm Beach, Florida based cover band. It emerged out of a brainstorm session of Nat \"DrumMan\" Barouch &amp; Rick Curley in 1993. They initially called the band Higher Ground and Dante Catt and Gary Curto came aboard. After several other bands named \"Higher Ground\" surfaced, they held a name contest, with Gary's entry, \"Signal Zero\" emerging as the eventual winner. With 4-part vocals and musical authority, Higher Ground toured across the state of Florida with powerhouse sets of classic and current rock, and was nominated \"Best Circuit Band\" in the 1994 Jammie Awards. Under Nat's management and promotion, Higher Ground also maintained a popular original project. Their first release, the 14-song \"Breaking Through\", was a live-to-DAT recording which sold thousands of copies locally. In addition to headlining several shows, they supported such acts as Foghat, Rich Derringer, Pat Travers, and Stranger. Higher Ground went on to record and shoot video at Full Sail Center for the Recording Arts in Orlando, Florida. In late 1995, they changed their name to \"Signal Zero\" (police code for \"Armed, approach with caution\"!) and adopted a harder, more raunchy style. Soon after that, Gary &amp; Rick left the band to pursue other goals and Signal Zero became a power trio with the addition of Berklee-educated Guitarist/Singer/Songwriter Gary Schutt. 1997 saw the three members of Signal Zero, along with guests/alumni Rick Curley and Gary Curto, record Dante Catt's solo effort, \"Curiosity Kills\", a 10-song album which went on to sell well in South Florida.
Seville is a rock group formed in the winter of 2001, by Mike Marsh of the Agency and Dan Bonebrake of The Vacant Andys, joined the now-well-known Dashboard Confessional. They disbanded in 2003, with all members following other projects.
Samuel Tweedy (March 8, 1776 - July 1, 1868) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. Born at Nine Partners, New York in 1776, he later moved to Danbury, Connecticut. He was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1818, 1820, and 1824 and also served in the Connecticut Senate 1826-1828. Tweedy held many local offices before being elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-third Congress (March 4, 1833-March 3, 1835). He died in Danbury, Connecticut, aged 92. He was buried in Wooster Cemetery.
The batan is a kitchen utensil used to process different kinds of foods in South American Andean cuisine. It has a flat stone (the batan proper) and a grinding stone called a u\u00F1a. The u\u00F1a is held in both hands and rocked over the food in the batan. Depending on the process wished, the u\u00F1a's weight is slightly held back, let loose over, or pressed on. The rocking movements also vary depending on the procedure. The grinding is done dry or with water or oil. In Andean households many different dishes are prepared in this manner, in rural and urban areas. The most important use it has is for preparing llajwa. For many Bolivians, Peruvians, Ecuadoreans and Colombians it's not the same when done in a blender. It is also used to husk grains, wash quinoa from its alkaloid, grind grains, crush papa lisa and even to prepare small quantities of flour. The use of the batan is so widespread that you will find it in a smaller form among the kitchen appliances in Bolivia in any modern La Paz apartment building, and in many rural zones of Peru, Ecuador and Colombia. It is also used in India, in large number of households. It is known as \"Sil-Batta\" in Hindi with Sil referring to flat stone and Batta referring to a cylindrical grinding stone. It is known as Pata-Varvanta in Marathi and used in the state of Maharashtra. These grinding stones are primarily used to prepare chutney and masala for cooking and occasional use including grinding soaked lentils in preparation for dosa/vadas and papadum.
August Capital is a private venture capital firm with offices on Menlo Park, California's famous Sand Hill Road. It has backed such companies as Tumbleweed Communications, PayCycle, Seagate, Splunk, Six Apart, PacketTrap, Postini, VideoEgg, DotNetNuke, Swoopo and Evite. August Capital raised its fifth fund in March 2009 totaling $650 million. The investment professionals are: Howard Hartenbaum, David Hornik, John Johnston, David Marquardt, Vivek Mehra, and Andrew S. Rappaport. Investments made by these partners before the founding of August Capital include: Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, Adaptec, Skype, and Grand Junction Networks. Entrepreneurs supported by August Capital include: Michael Baum (Splunk), Steve Goodman, Ren\u00E9 Lacerte (PayCycle), Jeff Smith.
The Know How was a third wave ska band from Gainesville, Florida, formed in 1998. Their musical style blended ska and pop punk and prominently featured a Moog synthesizer alongside more typical ska instrumentation (including an organ and usually one or more trombones. ) Despite releases on Jump Up! Records and Stomp Records, numerous nationwide tours (including appearances on the 2005 Warped Tour as well as the second and third Ska Is Dead tours) the band broke up after their final shows in Gainesville on February 16 and 17, 2007. The band cited financial strains, tour fatigue and fluctuations in the supporting lineup as contributing factors.
Supermachiner was intended as a side project of the Boston hardcore band Converge, which includes singer/songwriter Jacob Bannon and guitarist Kurt Ballou. Unlike the heavier music of Converge, much of Supermachiner is ambient.
the Seahorse Orchestra are a psychedelic rock/pop group from Tampa, Florida, that was formed in February of 2005. The group's sound is similar to Pink Floyd in the early Syd Barrett days, Os Mutantes, The Zombies, The Kinks, Can, Serge Gainsbourg and Donovan. The Seahorse Orchestra wrote melodic mod-flavored songs peppered with the artistic philosophy of aestheticism, raucous wit in the vein of Oscar Wilde, mystical pondering in the vein of William Blake and general jovial fairytale weirdness not unlike early Tyrannosaurus Rex. Originally, it sprang from a series of hallucinations followed by loose jam sessions with Sir Robert Davis, Shannon Lyn and Jonathan Beadle with each member singing and switching instruments (acoustic guitar and organ) from song to song. Following \"psychic visions\", Robert first incorporated Shannon and Jonathan into the group. He then added poet/keyboardist Cole Bellamy to the group after one conversation, following that with the addition of masterful jazz bassist Bob Massicotte - again after a psychic vision and a single conversation. He knew the lineup wasn't straight because he saw himself with a theremin that he didn't have. Six months into the band's life, Jonathan switched over to drums and quit the group a little over a month later. After a vision and a single conversation, drummer Eric Haase was added to the lineup. Eric brought a theremin to the group and Robert began playing it and incorporating it into the band's songs immediately. The band quickly wrote and recorded \"The Clockwork Giant\", \"Good Day Mr. Musk Ox\" and \"Thomas Habercorn\". As soon as a myspace page http://www. myspace. com/theseahorseorchestra was up (with a sampling of songs), the band were offered a variety of shows. According to Reax Music Magazine, WMNF 88.5 and The Tampa Tribune, The Seahorse Orchestra quickly built a reputation as one of the greatest bands ever to hail from the sunshine state and continued writing songs. Audience members reacted to the fierce pomp, charisma and sparkle of the thrilling live performances and referred to the band as \"Wizards on Acid\" (according to Reax). Near the end of 2006, Eric broke a bone in his right foot - which required three months to heal - and the band took a break from performing. The Seahorse Orchestra died in 2006.
In 1996 Henry Olmino, Jeronimo Gomez and Mathew Crum were all playing under the alias As Friends Rust along with Damien Moyal on vocals. After recording a demo, the band broke up and the three members (without Moyal) joined up to start Red Letter Day. The band recorded a short EP in 1996, and the album was released in 1997 by Eulogy Records. The band soon after broke up. The same three members went on to lay the foundations of The Rocking Horse Winner along with vocalist Jolie Lindholm.
John Andrew Barnes III (April 16, 1945 \u2013 November 12, 1967) was an American Private First Class in the United States Army during the Vietnam War. For conspicuous gallantry in Dak To, Vietnam, Barnes was awarded the Medal of Honor.
Llapingacho is a famous dish in Ecuador. They are potato patties or thick pancakes stuffed with cheese and cooked on o hot griddle until crispy brown. Llapingacho originated in Ecuador's highlands. It is a fried, mashed potato surrounding a center of cheese which is generally served with backed of fried pork. Also, it is typically served with avocado on the side. This dish forms part of Ecuador's culture, and is one of the representative icons of the Highlands food. Llapingacho was later popular not only in Ecuador's Highland but also in the Ecuador's coast and eastern provinces. In this way, Llapingacho became a typical Ecuadorian dish enjoyed not only by its inhabitants, but also by people from abroad.
Aaron Rose is a film director, art show curator and writer who is most responsible as the cornerstone of the Beautiful Losers art movement, which has featured and helped notarize the work of artists such as Barry McGee, Steven \"Espo\" Powers, Harmony Korine and Shepard Fairey. In 2005, he published with Young Sleek and Full of Hell, where he collects over 100 artists including Mark Gonzales, Ed Templeton, Thomas Campbell, Phil Frost, Spike Jonze, Sofia Coppola, Sonic Youth, Terry Richardson. He was co-curator of the Beautiful Losers touring art exhibit, and edited the collected art book\u2014released by Iconoclast and Distributed Art Publishers in 2004\u2014featuring the work and artists of the tour. The exhibition toured the world through 2009. He is also the director of the documentary film Beautiful Losers, which began its US theatrical run in 2008. He was the owner and director of Alleged Gallery in New York City and created Alleged Press, which has released books featuring the art of Ari Marcopoulos, Ed Templeton, Mike Mills, Barry McGee and Chris Johanson. He is also co-editor of ANP Quarterly. Rose's latest venture is a documentary called Become a Microscope - 90 Statements on Sister Corita, a short film with music by Money Mark and Becky Stark. The 22 minute film tells the story of Sister Mary Corita, the California nun who was also a political artist. Rose is signed as a director with the Los Angeles company The Directors Bureau which also represents Mike Mills and Sofia Coppola. In 2009, he was hired by Wieden+Kennedy to help create WKE (WKEntertainment), a content-driven entertainment channel and production house. At WKE, Rose is the producer of numerous television projects including Califunya, D.I.Y. America, and Don\u2019t Move Here, which he also directs.
Arroz a la valenciana (Spanish) or Arroz \u00E0 valenciana is a typical Latin American dish, and sometimes used in Filipino cuisine. In Nicaragua it is referred to as a Latin American version of Valencian's paella.
The Rotterdam Trojans are an American football team based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Founded in 1984, the Trojans are the second oldest surviving team in the Netherlands, behind the Amsterdam Crusaders. Upon foundation, the Trojans immediately joined the national American Football body at the time, the NAFF. After beginning in the second tier (NAFF Division One), the Trojans managed an undefeated championship season (12-0) in 1988 and gained promotion to the Premier Division. However, this step proved too much for the Trojans who were immediately relegated. After a divisional reorganisation the Trojans moved back to the highest division, where they remain to this day. National Tulip Bowl titles were won in 1996 and 1997. Outside the NAFF, the Rotterdam Trojans also competed in the Eurobowl competitions in 1995 (losing in the first round to Birmingham Bulls) and reached the Eurobowl B final in 1996, losing 7-0 in the final to St. Gallen Seaside Vipers. In 1998 the Trojans joined the breakaway AFLN and won two AFLN \"National\" championships. In addition, participation in the Dutch-Belgian Benelux League saw Rotterdam pick up two Benelux Bowl titles in 1999 and 2000 to add to their first (non-official) win in 1995. In 2001 the NAFF and AFLN put aside their differences to merge into the current organisational structure: the AFBN. A large re-building operation over the last 6 years has seen Rotterdam have intermittent success, reaching the Tulip Bowl final in 2002 and the semi-finals several times. The Trojans have been very successful in recruitment recently and look to be on their way to becoming a challenger once more for the national championship of the Netherlands. In 2006 the Rotterdam Trojans returned to wearing their original team colours of green and white after several years of red and yellow. the play their home games at the renovated \"City of Troje\".
Royal Bailey Farnum (11 June 1884 \u2013 29 August 1967) was an American art educator who served in administrative roles in various public and private educational institutions in Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island during the first half of the 20th Century.
The Boston Freedom Rally is an annual event in Boston, Massachusetts. Held on the third Saturday in September, it is traditionally the second largest annual gathering demanding marijuana law reform in the United States, after the Seattle Hempfest. It is organized by the Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition (MASS CANN), the Massachusetts state affiliate of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws also known as MASS CANN/NORML. The first Freedom Rally was held in 1989 in North Adams, Massachusetts. The second was on the dock beside the USS Constitution. The third was held in front of the Massachusetts State House on Beacon Street and the fourth, in 1992, was held on Boston Common at the Parkman Bandstand. In 1995 the Freedom Rally moved to its current location across the Common on the Carty Parade Field.
Mick Cronin (born July 17, 1971) is the head coach of the Cincinnati Bearcats men's basketball team. Previously an assistant at Cincinnati under Bob Huggins and at Louisville under Rick Pitino, Cronin's first head coaching job was at Murray State. In three seasons at Murray, Cronin led the team to the tournament twice and was named the 2006 Ohio Valley Conference coach of the year. After the 2006 season, he was hired as Cincinnati's coach, replacing interim coach Andy Kennedy. In three seasons at Cincinnati, Cronin has amassed a 42-52 record.
Phil Maymin is an Assistant Professor of Finance and Risk Engineering at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University. He was the 2006 Libertarian candidate for U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th congressional district.
Christian Archibald Herter (September 3, 1865 \u2013 December 5, 1910) was an American physician and pathologist noted for his work on diseases of the gastrointestinal tract. He was co-founder of the Journal of Biological Chemistry.
Batoche was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. It was located in north central Saskatchewan, and was one of the original 25 electoral districts formed when the province was created in 1905. The electoral district was replaced before the next general election in 1908. A new district of the same name was created in 2002.
Battleford was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. It was one of the 25 ridings created when the province came into existence in 1905. It was replaced before the 1917 general election by combining this constituency with the North Battleford provincial district to create The Battlefords.
Six Going On Seven was a pop band from Boston, Massachusetts. Members included Josh English (vocals/bass), James Bransford (guitar) and Will Bartlett (drums). During their career they recorded three full-length albums and a handful of 7\" singles. They were included on a number of compilations and had a song in the movie The Station Agent. The band split in 2001 just after the release of their album American't (or won't).
The Manitoba Confederation of Regions Party ran several candidates in the 1986 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Everex (\"Ever for Excellence!\") is a manufacturer of desktop and notebook personal computers. It was established in 1983 and headquartered in Fremont, California. The company was founded by Steve Hui, John Lee and Wayne Cheung. In 1988, Everex was the leader in tape backup sales with half the world market. By 1993, the company had slipped into bankruptcy and was acquired by the Formosa Plastics Group. On December 29 2006 Everex Systems, Inc filed a voluntary petition for liquidation under Chapter 7 and in June 2008 NewMarket Technology has taken control of Everex
Dovercourt was the name of a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It existed from the 1926 election to the 1999 election. At its abolishment in 1999, it consisted of that part of the city of Toronto bounded on the north by the former city limits, on the east by Bathurst Avenue, on the south by Bloor Street and on the west by the CN Railway and St. Clair Avenue. It was abolished into Davenport, St. Paul's and Trinity\u2014Spadina.
Eglinton was a provincial electoral district located in Toronto, Ontario. From 1926 until 1999 it elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. At its abolishment in 1999 it consisted of the neighbourhoods of Davisville and Lawrence Park in the north end of the old city of Toronto. It was abolished into Eglinton\u2014Lawrence, Don Valley West and St. Paul's.
Battleford-Cut Knife was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created by the merging of parts of the Cut Knife-Lloydminster and The Battlefords electoral districts before the 1995 Saskatchewan general election. The Representation Act, 2002 (Saskatchewan) redistributed this riding into the Cut Knife-Turtleford and a revived The Battlefords electoral districts for the 2003 Saskatchewan general election.
Morrone Stadium is the on-campus soccer stadium at University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut. The 8,574-seat stadium was built in 1994. The stadium hosts the school's soccer and lacrosse programs
Bengough was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created the 1917 Saskatchewan general election. It was redistributed before the 1971 Saskatchewan general election.
The cuisine of Uruguay is traditionally based on its European roots, like Mediterranean foods from Italy, Spain and France, but also from countries such as Germany, along with African and indigenous mixtures. Many foods from those countries such as pasta, sausages, and desserts are common in the nation's diet. The Uruguayan barbecue, asado, is one of the most exquisite and famous in the world. A sweet paste, Dulce de Leche is the national obsession, used to fill cookies, cakes, pancakes, milhojas, and alfajores. The alfajores are shortbread cookies sandwiched together with Dulce de Leche or a fruit paste. Dulce de Leche is used also in flan con Dulce de Leche. The national drink is the Grappamiel. Grappamiel is an alcoholic drink which is very popular in rural areas. It is made with alcohol and honey. It is often consumed in the cold mornings of autumn and winter to warm up the body. A traditional drink, is an infusion called mate. The dried leaves and twigs of the yerba mate plant (Ilex paraguariensis) are placed in a small cup. Hot water is then poured into the gourd at near-boiling point so as to not burn the herb and spoil the flavour. The drink is sipped through a metal or cane straw, known as a Bombilla.
Jorge de Le\u00F3n (born 1976) is a Guatemalan performance artist who specializes in body art. He was born in Guatemala City, and forms part of the generation of artists that includes Regina Jos\u00E9 Galindo.
Nauf\u00FAs Figueroa (born 1978) is a Guatemalan-Canadian installation and performance artist . His work centers on the Guatemalan Civil War and its aftermath. Figueroa has exhibited at the Internationale Kurzfilmtage Oberhausen (Oberhausen, Germany, 2007), The Vancouver Art Gallery (Vancouver, Canada, 2005), Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes (Havana, Cuba, 2004), Museo de Arte y Dise\u00F1o Contempor\u00E1neo (San Jose, Costa Rica, 2002).
LSI Corporation is an electronics company based in Milpitas, California, that designs ASICs, host bus adapters, RAID adapters, storage systems, and computer networking products.
C-Cube Microsystems was a pioneer in video compression technology as well as the implementation of that technology into cost-effective semiconductors. C-Cube was the first company to deliver on the market opportunity presented by the conversion of image and video data from analog to digital formats enabling markets such as VideoCD, DVD, DirecTV, Digital Cable, Non-linear editing and more.
Encebollado is a popular dish from Ecuador. While it originates from the coast, it is popular around the whole country due to restaurants featuring the region's cuisine. It is a type of soup made of albacora (a type of tuna), yuca (cassava), tomatoes and onions and generally sprinkled with lemon juice. In the coast, it can be found in restaurants called Picanter\u00EDas.
Richard James Miano (born September 3, 1962 in Newton, Massachusetts) is a former American football defensive back who played 11 seasons for three teams in the National Football League. Rich was a walk-on for University of Hawaii team in 1981 and became an all WAC conference defensive back in 1983 and 1984. In 1985 Rich was drafted in the 6th round by the NY Jets where he played 6 seasons. After missing the entire 1990 season with a knee injury, Rich went to the Philadelphia Eagles where he played four seasons. In 1995 he played for the Atlanta Falcons in his final season. Upon retirement from the NFL, Rich moved back to his home in Honolulu, Hawaii where he is currently the Associate Head Coach with the University of Hawaii, where he played his college career.
Mondawmin is a rapid transit station on the Metro Subway in Mondawmin, Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is located under the intersection of Reisterstown Road and Liberty Heights Avenue, adjacent to the Mondawmin Mall. The station is the northernmost underground station on the line, and a major transfer point to many bus routes. The station's location next to Mondawmin Mall, Baltimore's oldest mall, has led its owners to plan an expansion. On the surface, a bus loop connects to Reisterstown Road and Liberty Heights Avenue. This loop and the adjacent streets are used by a number of bus routes, many of which terminate in it: Route 1 via Greenspring Avenue to Sinai Hospital and via Fulton Avenue and other streets through downtown to Fort McHenry Route 5 via Druid Hill Avenue/McCulloh Street and other streets through downtown to Cedonia Route 7 via Pennsylvania Avenue and other streets through downtown to Canton Route 16 to Brooklyn Route 21 to Fells Point Route 22 to Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center Route 51 to Patapsco Light Rail Stop Route 54 via Park Heights Avenue to Milford Mill Metro Subway Station and Randallstown Route 97 (Mondawmin Shuttle) to local places near the station Route M-1 via Liberty Heights Avenue to Rolling Road Route M-2 via Reisterstown Road to Old Court Metro Subway Station Several routes were cut back to Mondawmin on June 18, 1984, about seven months after the station opened, and Routes M-1, M-2, and M-3 were formed at that time to replace the portions of those routes beyond Mondawmin. Specifically, Route M-1 was split from Route 28 (now Route 5 near Mondawmin), Route M-2 was split from Route 7, and Route M-3 was split from Route 5.
Oswald Christian Orwoll (November 17, 1900 in Portland, Oregon \u2013 May 8, 1967 in Decorah, Iowa) is a former pitcher &amp; first baseman for the Philadelphia Athletics who had a career 6-7 record in 39 games pitched (8 starts) and a .294 batting average in 94 games. He was part of Connie Mack's 1929 World Series team, but did not appear in any games. On November 29, 1930 he was traded by the Athletics with Homer Summa to the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League for Herb Lahti. He also played halfback for the Milwaukee Badgers of the National Football League in 1926.
Gregory Earl Stemrick is a former professional American football defensive back in the NFL for the Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints. Before his professional career, Stemrick played for Colorado State. He then played for the Chicago Fire of the WFL.
Marine Scout Bombing Squadron 243 (VMSB-243) was a dive bomber squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CFlying Goldbricks\u201D, fought in World War II during the Battle of Bougainville and later in the Philippines campaign (1944\u201345). They were deactivated shortly after the end of the war on September 25, 1945.
Marine Scout Bombing Squadron 243 (VMSB-243) was a dive bomber squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CRed Mousie Squadron\u201D, fought in World War II. They were deactivated on November 17, 1945, shortly after the end of the war.
Lisa Love is the Senior West Coast Editor of Vogue, Teen Vogue, Men's Vogue and Vogue Living magazines. Although Love was born in the Midwestern United States, she was raised in Geneva, Rome and London. She has been a resident of California since 1982. She has two children, Nathalie Love and Laura Love. She ran away from home at the age of 15 to go to Paris, and it dramatically changed her life. She is featured on the Hills, a MTV reality show.
Marine Operational Training Group 81 (MOTG-81) was a United States Marine Corps aviation training group that was established during World War II. Squadrons from MOTG-81 trained pilots, aircrew and ground crew on the PBJ-1 medium bomber. The Marine Corps divested its medium bomber fleet immediately after the war and the Group was decommissioned in December 1945.
Bob Crable (born September 22, 1959, in Deer Park, Ohio a suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio). He played football for Archbishop Moeller High School, Notre Dame and is a former linebacker for the New York Jets. He still holds the record for most career tackles (521) for the Irish. Crable was the head coach of his alma mater, Moeller High School for eight seasons (2000-2007). Mr. Crable graduated from Moeller in 1978 after an outstanding high school football career. He attended the University of Notre Dame to pursue a degree in business administration and in marketing. At Notre Dame, he played football for Dan Devine and Gerry Faust. His outstanding play at Notre Dame earned him recognition from his teammates \u2013 being chosen twice as team captain. He also earned national recognition as an All American linebacker in 1980-81. After graduating from Notre Dame, Mr. Crable was drafted in the first round by the New York Jets. He played linebacker with the Jets for seven years. After a knee injury ended his professional football career, he returned to Cincinnati, where he started his own business, Crable Sportswear. This top-of-the-line sportswear company was sold to Joe Hayden and The Midland Company in 1989, but Bob retained the position of president. Mr. Crable returned to Moeller during the 1992-93 school year as a coach and part-time religion teacher. The next year he accepted a full-time teaching position in the religion department. He became certified to teach religion from the Archdiocese of Cincinnati after attending The Athenaeum of Ohio.
Jim's Big Ego is a Boston, Massachusetts-based band formed in 1995 under the leadership of singer/songwriter Jim Infantino. Among the band's songs are \"The Ballad of Barry Allen\", based on Barry Allen, a character co-created by Infantino's uncle Carmine Infantino, and \"New Lang Syne\" (sometimes also called \"Thank God It's Over\"), a new New Year's Eve song featured on National Public Radio's All Things Considered in 2001.
Dead Men's Theory was a band consisting of the lead guitarist (Andrew Logan, also drummer of Hondo) and bassist (Tom Rankine) of Bird of Ill Omen and the singer of the experimental noisecore band Hondo. DMT considered itself a BOIO side-project. However, their intent was to play music more raw and aggressive than BOIO, and to capture the chaotic-noise aspect of Hondo. The band's ethical purpose was \"to warn people about the scariest thing, love\". The band was short lived but managed to sell out all of the printed 7\"s of their debut To Never Love Again. The band never had an official bass player, but initially Peter Bartsocas did play the bass at shows. At the time of the band, Peter Bartsocas had already left As Friends Rust, and Thomas Rankine was to join a few years ahead.
Earl Cornelius Latourette (February 10, 1889 &ndash; August 18, 1956) was the 32nd Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court and a Clackamas County Circuit Court judge. He served as chief justice for two years and died while still in office as an associate justice in 1956.
Jonathan Valin (born November 23, 1947 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American mystery author of the Harry Stoner detective series.
Kicked in the Head were a ska punk band founded in Boston, Massachusetts in the mid-1990s. They were notable for appearing on the Warped Tour in 1998 and opening for the band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. Kicked in the Head disbanded in 2005. Known for Halloween shows with Big D and The Kids Table.
Kenneth Cecil Bunch was born on 21 January 1919 in Norman County, Minn. Enlisted in the United States Navy at Des Moines, Iowa, on 9 March 1937 and received his \"boot camp\" training at San Diego, Calif. Rated as seaman 2d class on 9 July 1937, Bunch was transferred to Scouting Squadron (VS) 42 ten days later. He remained with that unit in the years that followed, attaining the rate of radioman 2d class on 16 November 1940. With the extension of his enlistment on 9 March 1941, Bunch was transferred to the Naval Air Station at Norfolk, Va. , on 29 August 1941 where he joined VS-8, of the then-forming Hornet (CV-8) Air Group, soon thereafter. While in that squadron, he attained the rate of aviation radioman 1st class on 1 March 1942. On 6 June 1942, the last day of the Battle of Midway, Bunch flew as radioman-gunner in the Douglas SBD-3 \"Dauntless\" dive bomber piloted by Ens. Donald T. Griswold, USNR, as the Hornet air group joined in the attacks on the fleeing Japanese cruisers Mogami and Mikuma. Antiaircraft fire claimed Griswold's SBD-3, the only airplane lost by VS-8 that day, and it crashed, killing both the pilot and his radioman. For his contribution to victory at Midway, ARM1c Bunch was posthumously awarded the Air Medal.
Ottawa\u2013Rideau was a short lived provincial electoral district in Ottawa, Ontario. It elected one member to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1987 and was abolished in 1999 into Ottawa South, Nepean\u2013Carleton, Ottawa West\u2013Nepean and Ottawa Centre. The riding included all of pre-amalgamation Ottawa south of Walkley Road south of Baseline Road. It also included part of the city of Gloucester north of Leitrim Road between Limebank Road and Conroy Road. It also included part of the city of Nepean northeast of this line: Black Rapids Creek to Woodroffe Avenue to CN railway to Merivale Road. The riding elected two members of the Legislative Assembly: Yvonne O'Neill, a Liberal from 1987 to 1995 and then Garry Guzzo, a Progressive Conservative from 1995 to 1999.
Anchor &amp; Braille is the acoustic side project of Anberlin's lead singer Stephen Christian with collaboration from Aaron Marsh of Copeland. While originally a joint venture between Christian and Marsh, Marsh has since removed his name from the project to focus on Copeland.
West Green is a station stop on the Green Line of the RTA Rapid Transit in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the western end of the parking lot for the Green Road station. The station consists of two side platforms with two small shelters on the westbound platform. There is no entrance to the station other than through the parking area that it shares with the Green Road station. West Green station is only 150 yards (0.2 km) west of the Green station, and is designed to provide convenient boarding for riders who park in the western end of the parking area.
The Diario de Centro Am\u00E9rica is the newspaper of public record in Guatemala. Founded in 1880, it is the official newspaper of the country's government.
Ralph Angelo Pasquariello (May 30, 1926 &ndash; January 15, 1999) was a professional American football fullback for the Los Angeles Rams and Chicago Cardinals.
Janet A. Hoag (born September 19, 1948) is an American film and television actress. Since the beginning of the 1990s, Hoag has appeard in several television series, including Murder, She Wrote, Step by Step, Married... With Children, Melrose Place, Murphy Brown, Providence, Judging Amy, The Norm Show, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, 8 Simple Rules, Desperate Housewives, Gilmore Girls, Boston Legal and others, although always playing minor characters. She has also appeared in some feature films, like The Dentist, Progeny and Raising Flagg.
The Ford Hall Forum is the oldest free public lecture series in the United States. Founded in 1908, it continues to host open lectures and discussions in the Greater Boston area. Some of the more well-known past speakers include Maya Angelou, Isaac Asimov, Noam Chomsky, Alan Dershowitz, W. E. B. Du Bois, Al Gore, Martin Luther King Jr. , Henry Kissinger, Norman Mailer, Ayn Rand, Cokie Roberts, Eleanor Roosevelt, Robert Frost, Malcolm X, and Jimmy Wales. The Ford Hall Forum's stated mission is \"to promote freedom of speech and foster an informed and engaged citizenry through the public presentation of lectures, debates, and discussions. \" It's events strive to illuminate key issues facing society by bringing to a public podium knowledgeable and thought-provoking speakers. These speakers are presented in person, for free, and in settings that facilitate frank and open debate. All programs provide equal time for speakers' remarks and questions from the audience.
Chairo is a Bolivian vegetable and meat stew of chu\u00F1os, onions, carrots, potatoes, white corn, beef and wheat kernels. Also it contains, earthy spices like cilantro. And other spices. It is native to the region of La Paz.
Lolita Ritmanis is an American composer. Nominated for eight Emmy Awards, she won the award in 2002 for her work on the animated series Batman Beyond.
DMZ was a first-wave American punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, strongly influenced by 1960s garage rock. In early 1976, Jeff Conolly (sometimes credited as J. Connally, Mono Mann, Monoman, etc. ) stole the lead vocalist position in the nascent band by out-performing their singer at one of the band's practices. Along with his vocals he brought two things the band lacked: keyboards (an electric piano) and original songs. Just over one year later, in April 1977, the band went into the recording studio with Craig Leon. Four songs from that session were released by Bomp! on a 7\" vinyl EP. DMZ was signed by Sire Records and went to New York to record their debut album, produced by Flo &amp; Eddie. It was released in 1978 without much success and by the end of the year the group had splintered. Guitarists J. J. Rassler and Preston Wayne left to start the Odds, and Conolly, bassist Rick Coraccio and drummer Paul Murphy formed Lyres. DMZ has re-formed periodically; a 1993 set appears on the Live at the Rat album. Early drummer David Robinson (who had previously been in The Modern Lovers) left DMZ to join The Cars.
Little John was an alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts in the 1990s. They recorded an album with Mike Denneen that was picked up by EMI's Brian Koppelman.
Sarah Louise (\"Louie\") Bouton Felt (May 5, 1850 \u2013 February 13, 1928) was the first general president of the children's Primary organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) between 1880 and 1925.
Mel Carter is an American singer. Mel Carter, the man responsible for giving the song \"Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me\" a place in pop history, began his career in Cincinnati at the age of four when his grandmother held him up to the microphone in a penny arcade recording booth. As it turned out, it was 25 cents well-spent; the unpolished performance had an unmistakable element of raw talent etched into those crude grooves. From that point on, music proved to be Mel's destiny, as his career produced one hit single after another. Even to this day, Mel's version of \"Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me\" has lost only 2% of its playing ability since its release 45 years ago and you can still hear this timeless classic played on the radio at least once a day somewhere around the world. The now legendary Quincy Jones first discovered Mel and signed him to record his debut pop session on Mercury Records, which expertly showcased Mel's passionate vocals and immediately began turning heads in the recording industry. But it was not until Sam Cooke signed Mel to Derby Records that he had his first hit single, \"When A Boy Falls In Love,\" which climbed the charts in England as well as in the United States and reached the number one position on the West Coast. A string of other hit songs including of course, \"Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me\" soon followed, which led to an offer to tour with the Dick Clark Caravan of Stars. Mel shared the bill with other up and coming performers of the day, including Sonny and Cher, Tom Jones and other popular English and American recording artists. As further proof of his immense versatility, Mel also enjoyed success as a stage performer. A highlight in his career was playing Sportin' Life in a concert of \"Porgy and Bess\" accompanied by the late perfectionist (and seven-time Academy Award winner) John Green, who conducted the San Diego Symphony Orchestra with an 80-voice choir. Mel received four standing ovations for his performance. Continually expanding his horizons, Mel co-produced his 1985 album, \"Willing,\" which won him a Grammy nomination for \"Best Male Gospel Performance. That same year brought him brilliant reviews and awards including \"L.A. Weekly's\" La Wee and an NAACP Image Award nomination for Best Performance in a Musical as a result of his starring role in \"Glitter Palace. \" Mel continued to nourish his love for appearing before a live audience, starting the 90's off with a series of successful tours. Standing room only engagements at Trump Castle, London's Royal Albert Hall, Taj Mahal and Merv Griffin's Resort Casino Hotel in Atlantic City as well as a tour-de-force performance in \"Fly Blackbird Revisited\" proved that Mel's appeal was both timeless and universal. In addition to his singing career, Mel Carter is also known and respected as an accomplished actor, with a long list of film and television credits. Mel Carter has established himself as a modern day renaissance man who has proven that real and genuine talent will always find an audience, regardless of the current trends, radio formats or fashions. Throughout the course of his career, Mel has re-defined the term \"multi-talented\" and truly established himself as a legend in pop music.
Erie\u2014Lincoln was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The riding was created in 1999 from Lincoln, Brant\u2014Haldimand and Niagara South and abolished in 2007 when it was redistributed into Niagara West\u2014Glanbrook, Haldimand\u2014Norfolk, Niagara Falls and Welland. It consisted of the municipalities of Lincoln, West Lincoln, Wainfleet, Dunnville, Port Colborne and Fort Erie. For its entire existence, the riding was represented by Tim Hudak, from the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party.
An\u00EDbal L\u00F3pez (A-1 53167), full name Juarez An\u00EDbal Asdrubal L\u00F3pez, (born April 13, 1964) is an artist and a native of Guatemala. He began his career creating figurative art influenced by expressionism. He has worked in several media, including acrylic and oil on canvas, photography, and video. In the 1990s he and other Guatemalan artists such as Regina Jos\u00E9 Galindo began creating art \"actions\" or live art, a combination of street art, performance art, minimalism, and conceptual art. A-1 53167 is the code name (his passport number) that An\u00EDbal L\u00F3pez has used since 1997 to sign many of his art actions, a gesture intended to question codes of information used to establish identity, such as one's name. The effect is to erase an ethnic-specific sense of belonging and perhaps to resist the impulse of art consumers to categorize him in preconceived categories such as indigenous, Mayan, or Guatemalan.
Doc Hopper was an American punk band from Maine, and later Boston, Massachusetts who released material through Go-Kart Records and a number of smaller independent record labels throughout their career. A fixture at the MidEast in Cambridge, Mass. in the early-mid 90's, they won the \"WBCN Rock N' Roll Rumble\" in 1995, as had their spiritual and musical ancestors Gang Green years before them. Like Gang Green, they were cursed forever after. They drove in a Van named, naturally, Halen.
James Patrick Brosnan (born October 24, 1929, in Cincinnati, Ohio) was a Major League Baseball player from 1954 and 1956 through 1963. He was a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds and Chicago White Sox. Coincidentally, he was born on Black Thursday, the beginning stage of the Stock Market Crash. While known as a moderately effective pitcher, both as a starter and a reliever, he gained additional fame by becoming one of the first athletes to publish a candid personal diary. Generally speaking, up to that point such books were \"sanitized\" for the general public and used a ghost writer. Brosnan was known as an intellectual, relatively speaking, for keeping books in his locker to read; and the authorship of the books he wrote listed only himself as the writer. Wearing glasses also contributed to his \"Professor\" persona. The first of his books was about his 1959 season, a season which found him being traded from St. Louis to Cincinnati around the halfway point, and was titled The Long Season. It garnered some degree of criticism by those who felt Brosnan had violated the \"sanctity\" of the clubhouse. In that way it anticipated, by ten years, the firestorm of opinion that would come in the wake of Jim Bouton's book, Ball Four. However, Brosnan's book focused more on feelings and less on the kind of salacious details that Bouton's book would contain. Regardless, its critics included Joe Garagiola, whose own autobiography, Baseball Is a Funny Game, was entertaining but was of the traditional variety. He characterized Brosnan as a \"a loner; a rebel\". Two years later, Brosnan again kept a diary, a fortuitous circumstance as the Reds would win the National League championship in 1961, before falling to the New York Yankees in the World Series. Brosnan also had one of his best years statistically, with 10 wins against 6 losses, and 16 saves as a reliever. Brosnan's book was published under the appropriate title of Pennant Race. After his playing days, Brosnan continued writing and also became a sportscaster.
Dar\u00EDo Escobar is known for his sculptural recontextualization of everyday objects. Born in Guatemala, his Catholic background and interest in local history became sources of inspiration for a body of work that combines mass-produced objects, craft techniques, and religious iconography.
Margarita Azurdia, also known by the pseudonym Margot Fanjul (1931, Antigua Guatemala \u2013 1998) was a Guatemalan sculptor, painter, poet, and performance artist.
The Rocking Horse Winner was an indie band from Florida. They were made up from members of As Friends Rust, and Jolie Lindholm, who has been featured on most of the Dashboard Confessional albums.
Mississauga West was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 2007. From 1987 to 1999 Mississauga West consisted of the part of the City of Mississauga between the Queen Elizabeth Way on the south, Eglinton Avenue on the north and Hurontario Street, Central Parkway and Cawthra Road on the east. From 1999 to 2007 Mississauga West consisted of the part of the City of Mississauga lying of north of Dundas Street West west of the Credit River, the 403 and the Erin Mills Parkway, south of the 401. The electoral district was abolished in 2003 when it was re-distributed between Mississauga South, Mississauga\u2014Erindale and Mississauga\u2014Streetsville ridings.
Brent Steven Celek (born January 25, 1985 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football tight end for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Eagles in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Cincinnati.
Clete Roberts (February 1, 1912, Portland, Oregon \u2013 September 30, 1984, Los Angeles, California) was a pioneer in Los Angeles local broadcast journalism. The urbane, mustachioed newscaster was a fixture on Southern California television screens for over thirty years.
Paul John Lane, Jr. is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Mississippi.
Gamenauts is an independent game development studio based in Silicon Valley and founded in September 2005 by Stanley Adrianus, formerly of Yahoo! Games.. The company's tagline is \"We explore new frontiers of fun\". The studio is best known for its and Burger Rush series of games. Both series attained #1 positions in major casual games portals such as Big Fish Games, Real Arcade, Yahoo! Games, iWin, Reflexive Entertainment and others.
Richard William Riggs is an American attorney and former judge in the state of Oregon. He is currently a senior judge for Oregon, and previously was the 94th justice of the Oregon Supreme Court serving from 1998 to 2006.
Jerome Alden (March 5, 1921 &ndash; 1997) was an American playwright. He was born in Portland, Oregon. He graduated from the University of Oregon. He wrote the one-man play Bully, about Theodore Roosevelt, and the book for the musical Teddy &amp; Alice, which was also about the Roosevelt family. Both productions appeared on Broadway. Alden was married to a ballerina, Barbara Gaye, who danced in the original Broadway productions of Annie Get Your Gun and Our Town. They were the parents of opera directors Christopher Alden and David Alden.
Larry Smith (born 1938 in Dayton, Ohio) is a puppeteer and producer of children's programming in the Cincinnati area since 1957. His most notable work was a popular afternoon puppet/cartoon show airing on WXIX Television. Smith was raised in Dayton, Ohio, 60 miles north of Cincinnati. At the age of five he began a lifelong fascination with puppets, learning to make them at home using items around the house as store-bought materials were expensive. He made his television debut in 1952, and he began his professional career two years later at WHIO television. After high school Smith attended Ohio State University and the Cincinnati College Conservatory of Music. In 1955 Smith met Burr Tillstrom, creator of the Kukla, Fran and Ollie show. Then in 1957 Smith auditioned for, and won a part on the Uncle Al Show; officially he served on WCPO's art department, but he performed (and created) puppets for Uncle Al. Smith was with the Uncle Al Show for six years. Smith achieved his greatest fame by the late 1960s, when he went to then-new TV station WXIX in Cincinnati to host an afternoon puppet/cartoon show which came to be called Larry Smith's Cartoon Club, which he hosted throughout the 70s. Smith and his puppets were the first stars of WXIX when they performed on the station's sign-on ceremony in August of 1968. Some of the puppets/characters he created include: Hattie the Witch (also called \"Battie Hattie From Cincinnati\") Snarfie the Dog (a.k.a. Snarfie R. Dog) Big Red the Red Rock-Eater (who lived in \"The Dirty Dingy Dungeon\") Teaser the Mouse Rudy the Rooster Larry ostensibly retired in 2000, but still makes occasional appearances with his puppets, due to popular demand.
Albert Nelson is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of Cincinnati and was drafted in the third round of the 1965 NFL Draft. Nelson was also selected in the ninth round of the 1965 AFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills.
Tom Bruggere (born February 18, 1946 in Berkeley, California) is an entrepreneur and onetime candidate for the U.S. Senate in the U.S. state of Oregon. He founded the company Mentor Graphics and has been involved with several other startup companies.
Bishop A.C. (formerly xBISHOPx) is an American straight edge hardcore punk and metalcore band, formed in Florida in 2004. It band features current and ex members of Until the End, Remembering Never, xReign of Terrorx, and Suffocate Faster. The lyrical content's main focus is straight-edge related issues such as drugs and promiscuous sex. Originally formed under the name xDiary Of A Corpsex, they recorded a four track demo (which was later released as Blessed the Dead in 2007). The band changed its name in 2005 and released their first full length album Suicide Party on Ferret Records. Soon after they released the remainder of the recorded tracks on a split with The Red Barron. Despite rumors of a breakup or permanent hiatus, Ferret Records announced that their second full length, Drugs will be released in late 2008. The vinyl version will reportedly feature an exclusive track.
On Fire is a rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. In the spring of 2003 Boston local/national indie rock favorites The Burning Paris hit a creative lull while writing the follow up to their second release And By December You Will Know Where Your Heart Truly Lies which quickly lead to the band\u2019s untimely demise. Nate Shumaker (ex-Everdown) (Vox/Guitar), Josh Megyessy (guitar), and Jenny Townsend (cello) decided to forge ahead in anew band with Tom Korkidis on bass/keys (ex-Placer, ex-Alienist Outfit) and Mike Ushinski on drums (ex-Placer, ex-Barbaro) under the moniker On Fire (an homage of sorts to the acclaimed 1989 Galaxie 500 release of the same name). The five musicians began collectively composing songs, all of which made up the debut EP \u2018\u2019This Time it is Forever\u2019\u2019 (Magic Bullet Records). As the recording process began at Boston\u2019s historic Q Division Studios with producer/engineer Matt Squire (who later went on to produce multi-platinum selling Panic! at the Disco) at the helm, Jenny Townsend decided to leave the band to pursue her career in teaching. Within a month a strong replacement was found in cellist Dana Feder. Long time friend and Dopamine Records (incidentally founded by Shumaker and Megyessy) co-founder/label head Alexander Maniatis was also added at the same time to the group to provide additional synth work and samples to the live band.
West 3rd Street Station at Cleveland Browns Stadium is a station on the RTA Waterfront Line portion of the Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The station is located on the east side of West 3rd Street and south of the westboard exit ramp of the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway. The station primarily serves as a destination for those going to Cleveland Browns football games and as an access for those leaving the games. The station's main entrance is from the north platform on its west side from West 3rd Street. There is a small station lobby with an attendant booth (usually unattended) and an elevator and stairs leading down to the north side platform. There are also ramps on its north side from West 3rd Street and from Lerner Way adjacent to Cleveland Browns Stadium. These ramps are usually closed except during Browns games, and there are multiple faregates to handle crowds using the station during the games. Access to the south platform is by crossings that extend across both tracks at each end of the south platform. Foundations for the station were put in place when the Waterfront Line was constructed, but there was no station when the Waterfront Line opened on July 10, 1996, since Cleveland Municipal Stadium was being demolished and construction of Cleveland Browns Stadium had not yet begun. The $5 million station was later completed and opened on August 12, 1999,
Robert Lewis Cobb (born October 12, 1957 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. Cobb was selected in the third round (66th overall pick) by the Los Angeles Rams out of the University of Arizona in the 1981 NFL Draft. Scouting reports praised his size (6-4, 248 pounds) and speed. He played for the Rams (1981), the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1982), and the Minnesota Vikings (1984).
Settlers Landing Station is a station on the RTA Waterfront Line portion of the Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The station is located just south of the intersection of West Superior Avenue and Old River Road. It is the first station beyond Tower City Station of the Waterfront line, which extended the Green and Blue Lines into The Flats along the west bank of the Cuyahoga River and along the Lake Erie waterfront. The station is adjacent to the Settlers Landing historical site which marks the location where Moses Cleaveland and his surveying team disembarked from the Cuyahoga River to survey the city in 1796.
Vitalect, Inc. is an e-learning company, providing online training/learning solutions to create and manage online content. With its flagship product Techniq, Vitalect addresses e-learning verticals such as knowledge management, authoring, training (including live web-based training), learning and certification. Pran Kurup is the founder, president, and CEO of Vitalect. The company is headquartered in Mountain View, United States, and has a subsidiary in Thiruvananthapuram, India.
Lissette Gonzalez is currently, (as of February 22, 2010) the morning weather presenter for WFOR-TV CBS4 and WBFS-TV My 33 in South Florida. Prior to that, she was the weather presenter for KTLA 5 Prime News, on weeknights at 10 PM in Los Angeles, CA. She was born and raised in Miami, Florida.
Michael Patrick Glavine (born January 24, 1973 in Concord, Massachusetts) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the New York Mets in 2003. He is the brother of Tom Glavine. He was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 22nd round of the 1995 amateur draft. His only Major League experience came when he joined the Mets in September, 2003, joining his brother on the team. He played in six games and had one hit in seven at bats for the 2003 Mets. He and his brother Tom were the first set of brothers to play for the Mets. Glavine is a graduate of Northeastern University where he currently is an assistant coach. Glavine became the third Husky to play in Major League Baseball. Glavine was elected to the Northeastern Athletics Hall of Fame in 2006.
Quacko Walker Lewis was an early African American abolitionist, Freemason, and Mormon elder from Massachusetts.
Edward Roberts (b. Wales, c. 1690; d. c. 1752, Providence Township, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, now Lower Providence Township, Montgomery County) was a colonial mayor of Philadelphia. His daughter Susannah married Thomas Bond (physician) in 1735.
William Craig (1929 - 1997) was an American author and historian. Born in Concord, Massachusetts, USA, he was educated at Columbia University. His first book, The Fall of Japan, was a documentary account of the last weeks of the Second World War in the Pacific. His first novel, The Tashkent Crisis, a thriller about espionage and international politics, was published in 1971. Enemy at the Gates is the culmination of five years of research, during which he traveled extensively on three continents, studying documents and interviewing hundreds of survivors of Stalingrad.
Mu Dynamics (formerly known as Mu Security) is a private venture-funded company that makes hardware and software to test network services, enabling its users to quantify their product's or service's reliability, availability and security.
Hilton Jefferson (30 July 1903&ndash;14 November 1968) was an American jazz alto saxophonist born in Danbury, CT, perhaps best-known for leading the saxophone section from 1940-1949 in the Cab Calloway band. Jefferson is said to have been \"a soft, delicate saxophone player, with an exquisite sensibility. \" In 1929 Jefferson began his professional career with Claude Hopkins, and throughout the 1930s was busy working for the big bands of Chick Webb, Fletcher Henderson and McKinney's Cotton Pickers. From 1952-1953 Jefferson performed with Duke Ellington, but ultimately became a bank guard to support himself with a steady income. In the 1950s he continued to perform, especially with Rex Stewart and some former members of the Fletcher Henderson band.
Bullet LaVolta was a post-punk band from Boston, Massachusetts that was originally formed in January 1987 by four college disk jockeys: Clay Tarver (guitar, now of Chavez), Bill Whelan (bass), Corey \"Loog\" Brennan (guitar) and Chris \"Cruster\" Guttmacher (drums). The band later added singer Yukkie Gipe after he responded to an advertisement. They played their first show at a dive bar in Boston called Chet's Last Call to a crowd of about fifteen people, but soon became one of Boston's most popular live acts. They gained most of their notoriety by playing college shows in Boston. The band's style of music was a kind of punk, heavy metal and hardcore punk hybrid, having reminiscenses of diverse bands such as Naked Raygun, M\u00F6torhead and early Fugazi. The band released their self-titled EP on Taang! Records with Moving Targets guitarist Kenny Chambers joining the line-up in 1988. In 1989, they recorded and released their first full-length album, The Gift, originally released on Taang!. In 1990, they released the Gimme Danger EP (which includes a cover of Detroit Rock City) on Metal Blade before signing to RCA, who purchased and re-released Bullet Lavolta and The Gift on a single disc. The record was even surprisingly reviewed in People Magazine and given a good rating. The album sold modestly and the band became well-known enough that their contract was renewed by RCA. A year later, they recorded and released their follow-up, Swandive, which debuted the same day as Nirvana's classic, Nevermind. Swandive was produced, mixed and engineered by Dave Jerden, who has also produced Jane's Addiction, Alice in Chains, Social Distortion, Fishbone and Anthrax among many others. Bullet LaVolta actually played a show with Nirvana around the time of the album's release, with the opening act being an unknown early incarnation of The Smashing Pumpkins. In late 1991 the band went on tour with Corrosion of Conformity and Prong in support of Swandive. The band broke up in 1992, the same year Matador Records issued an album of older recordings (mostly from 1987 and 1989) called The Gun Didn't Know I Was Loaded. Currently, none of the band's releases are in print by any label. Yukki Gipe is currently the lead singer of a band called \"The Konks. \" Drummer Todd Philips currently drums in Model/Actress, the band formed by ex-Brainiac bass player and video director Juan Monostereo and ex Chamberlain members Curtis Mead and Charlie Walker. Kenny Chambers currently plays with the Stone Strangers as well as solo.
Tony Wayne Hunter is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and the Los Angeles Rams. He was drafted out of the University of Notre Dame in the 1983 NFL Draft by the Bills, ahead of Jim Kelly.
Ikanos Communications Inc. is a leading provider of advanced broadband semiconductor and software products for the digital home. The company\u2019s multi-mode VDSL2/ADSLx, network processor and other offerings power access infrastructure and customer premises equipment for many of the world\u2019s leading network equipment manufacturers and telecommunications service providers.
ComputerWare: The MacSource was a chain of 10 Macintosh-only retail stores in the greater San Francisco Bay Area of Northern California. At one time, they were the largest Macintosh-only reseller in the United States. Guy Kawasaki mentions ComputerWare a number of times in his book, The Macintosh Way. Besides the ten stores, ComputerWare also had a headquarters that held International, Direct, and Corporate Sales Departments, and at one time had a full hardware repair depot and various training centers around the Bay Area.
Stephen Michael \"Steve\" Tensi (born December 8, 1942 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football quarterback in the American Football League and the National Football League. He played for the San Diego Chargers (1965-1966) and the Denver Broncos (1967-1969).
John Harlan Willis (June 10, 1921 &ndash; February 28, 1945) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions during the Battle of Iwo Jima in World War II.
Abitibi is a defunct provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Situated in the Abitibi-T\u00E9miscamingue region in Western Quebec, the riding was created in 1923, from parts of the now-defunct T\u00E9miscamingue district. It was later split after the 1939 elections in two existing ridings, Abitibi-Ouest and Abitibi-Est.
T\u00E9miscamingue is a former provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Situated in the Abitibi-Temiscamingue region in western Quebec, it was created after the 1908 provincial elections from parts of the district of Pontiac in the Outaouais region which existed in 1867. It was re-merged with Pontiac after the 1970 elections and later into the new Rouyn-Noranda\u2014T\u00E9miscamingue riding before the 1981 elections. From 1912 to 1922, it was also known as Temiscaming.
Bourassa is a former provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Situated in the island of Montreal, it was created in 1966 and was part of Bourget from 1960 to 1966. In 2003, Bourassa was merged with the riding of Sauv\u00E9 to form the new riding of Bourassa-Sauv\u00E9. The Bourassa riding was named after nationalist and former politician at the Canadian House of Commons, Henri Bourassa who was an MLA from 1907 to 1912.
Sauv\u00E9 was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Quebec. Located in the Montreal region, the riding was created after the 1970 elections after being split from the now-defunct Bourassa riding since its creation in 1966. The two ridings were merged once again in 2003 creating the riding of Bourassa-Sauv\u00E9. The riding was named after former Quebec Premier, Paul Sauv\u00E9 who led the province for 100 days in 1959 after the death of Maurice Duplessis
Brome was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Estrie region, the riding was created in 1867. In 1973, it became part of the riding of Brome-Missisquoi.
Missisquoi was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Estrie region, it was created in 1867. It was merged with Brome in 1973 to form the new district of Brome-Missisquoi.
Saguenay was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. The Saguenay district proper was created in 1948 after a split of the district of Charlevoix-Saguenay that existed from 1912 to 1944. located in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean region, Saguenay was also part of Chicoutimi-Saguenay that existed from 1867 to 1912. It is now part of the Ren\u00E9-L\u00E9vesque riding that was created in 2003.
Napierville was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Mont\u00E9r\u00E9gie region south of Montreal, the district was created in 1867. After the 1919 elections it was merged with La Prairie to form the Napierville-La Prairie riding until 1973 when it was renamed La Prairie. From 1939 to 1944 it was split into Chateauguay-Laprairie and Saint-Jean-Napierville.
Compton was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Quebec. Located in the Estrie region, the riding existed from 1867 to 1972 before it was merged with M\u00E9gantic to form the M\u00E9gantic-Compton riding.
M\u00E9gantic was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Estrie region, it was created in 1867. After the 1970 elections, it was merged with Compton to create the new riding of M\u00E9gantic-Compton. Part of the district is also part of the current riding of Frontenac.
James Michael \"Mike\" Sensibaugh (born January 3, 1949 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He played eight seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs (1971-1975) and the St. Louis Cardinals (1976-1978). Sensibaugh played college football at Ohio State, where he still holds the school record for interceptions in a career with 22 and in a season with 9.
Vincent Eugene Clark is a former American football cornerback in the NFL for the Green Bay Packers, Atlanta Falcons, New Orleans Saints, and the Jacksonville Jaguars. He played college football at Ohio State University. In 2005, Clark was named an assistant coach for the Arena Football League team the Columbus Destroyers. The head coach for the Destroyers was Chris Spielman, Clark's former teammate at Ohio State.
Saint-Henri was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Montreal region, Saint-Henri was formed in 1966 from parts of Montreal-Saint-Henri which existed from 1923 to 1966. Saint-Henri became part of Saint-Henri\u2014Sainte-Anne in 1994.
Hochelaga was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Formed in 1867 and located in the Montreal region, it existed until 1912, when it was part of Montreal-Hochelaga until 1923. The name Hochelaga was reused when the riding of Hochelaga-Maisonneuve was formed in 1989. It was named after the former aboriginal village of Hochelaga (where today is located Montreal) which existed when France, led by explorer Jacques Cartier discovered territories including the current Island of Montreal and what became New France until 1760.
Montr\u00E9al-Dorion was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Formed in 1912 from parts of Hochelaga, the Montreal area district remained until 1939 when it was split into two ridings:Montreal-Jeanne-Mance and Montreal-Mercier. Dorion was also used from 1966 to 1994 for the riding of the same name. Today, it is part of Laurier-Dorion.
Saint-Jacques was a provincial electoral district located in Quebec, Canada. Situated in the Montreal region, the riding was formed in 1966 from parts of Montreal-Saint-Jacques which was formed in 1915. It was also known as Montreal division 2 district. In 1989, it became part of Sainte-Marie\u2014Saint-Jacques.
Saint-Louis was a provincial electoral district located in Quebec, Canada. The Montreal region district was formed in 1966 from parts of Montreal-Saint-Louis which was formed in 1912. From 1890 to 1912, it was also known as Montreal division 3 district. In 1994, it became part of Westmount\u2014Saint-Louis.
Laval was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Laval region north of Montreal, it was formed in 1867 and became part of Laval-des-Rapides in 1981.
T\u00E9miscouata was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region in Eastern Quebec, it was formed in 1867 and was merged with Kamouraska in 1973 to form the new riding of Kamouraska-T\u00E9miscouata.
Wolfe was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Estrie region, it was formed in 1890 from a split of Richmond-Wolfe into two ridings including Richmond. In 1970, Wolfe was merged with Richmond which the latter one kept the same name. Wolfe was named in honour of English general James Wolfe in which he led the troops to defeat France in the Battle of Quebec City in 1759.
Yamaska was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Mont\u00E9r\u00E9gie region, the district was formed in 1867 and later merged with Nicolet in 1973 to form Nicolet-Yamaska.
Nicolet was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Situated in the Mont\u00E9r\u00E9gie region, the district was formed in 1867 and was later merged in 1973 with Yamaska to form Nicolet-Yamaska. The riding was named in honour of French explorer Jean Nicolet who also worked for the Company of One Hundred Associates in the 17th century.
Viger was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Montreal region, it was formed in 1981 and became part of Jeanne-Mance\u2014Viger in 2003.
Montmagny was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Formed in 1867, it was merged with L'Islet in 1972 to form Montmagny-L'Islet.
Montmagny was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Formed in 1867, it was merged with L'Islet in 1972 to form Montmagny-L'Islet.
Montcalm was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Lanaudi\u00E8re region, Montcalm was formed in 1867 before being merged with Joliette in 1972 to form Joliette-Montcalm. Montcalm was named in honour of Louis-Joseph de Montcalm, a French general who've led the battle of Quebec City in 1759 against the English troops led by James Wolfe in 1759.
Rouville was a provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located in the Mont\u00E9r\u00E9gie region south of Montreal, it was formed in 1867. In 1972, the riding was split and became part of the ridings of Iberville and Chambly
The Hannover Spartans are an American football team based in Hanover, Germany. They were created in 2006 as follow-up team for the Hannover Musketeers, a former GFL team after their bankruptcy. In the first season Thorsten Kretzschmar trained the team. In 2008 Damian Sprysch becomes new headcoch.
Shannon Schambeau is a beauty queen from San Antonio, Florida who holds the Miss District of Columbia 2005 title. Schambeau was crowned Miss D.C. on July 9, 2005, and also competed in the Miss America 2006 pageant held January 21, 2006, where she finished as 4th runner-up. Schambeau was succeeded by Kate Michael as Miss D.C. on July 1, 2006. Schambeau also competed in the 2007 Miss District of Columbia USA pageant, finishing as first runner-up on December 9, 2006.
Paul Wexler (May 23, 1929 \u2013 November 21, 1979), was an American character actor. Tall and physically imposing with a long face and deep baritone voice, he specialized in macabre or off-beat roles. Wexler made his film debut in the Bowery Boys 1952 comedy Feudin' Fools. His most noteworthy film appearances included the 1954 film noir thriller Suddenly as local deputy sheriff Clem Adams gunned down by a would-be presidential assassin and as the supervillain Captain Seas in the 1975 adventure film Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze. Wexler also appeared in such television series as The Rifleman, Gunsmoke, and Death Valley Days. For Disney\u2019s 1961 animated feature One Hundred and One Dalmatians, he performed in live-action reference footage, used by the animators as a guide, playing Jasper Badun and the quizmaster.
Herman Earl \"Flea\" Clifton (December 12, 1909 - December 22, 1997), was a Major League Baseball infielder who played four seasons with the Detroit Tigers from 1934 to 1937. Clifton was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on December 12, 1909. His father died in World War I when he was eight years old, and his mother was killed when he was 15 after a family friend strangled her with one of Clifton's ties. His stepfather then kicked him out, and Clifton lived for the next year behind a garage in Ludlow, Kentucky. Clifton played semi-pro baseball in Cincinnati before signing with the Detroit Tigers in 1929. Clifton spent the 1929 season playing in Raleigh, North Carolina. Clifton met future Hall of Famer Hank Greenberg when they played together in Raleigh. The two remained friends and teammates through the remainder of Clifton's career. Clifton appeared in the 1998 documentary about Greenberg, \"The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg. \" In his autobiography, Greenberg recalled Clifton as a \"tough little guy\" who used a gray bat made of Cuban wood that he soaked in water every night, supposedly \"to keep it from cracking or chipping. \" Greenberg also joked about Clifton's unusual diet: \"On the road, he used to eat nothing but dougnuts and bananas. He said they were cheap and filling and stretched his meal money. Flea was the only ballplayer who could show a profit on $1-a-day meal money. \" In 1932, Clifton played for the Beaumont, Texas team that won the Texas League championship. His teammates in Beaumont that year included Greenberg, Schoolboy Rowe, Pete Fox, and Elden Auker. Each of these players would play together on Detroit's 1934-1935 Detroit pennant teams. Clifton later recalled that he frequently got into \"fracases\" with other players and ended up being hit by pitches more than anyone else. When Clifton claimed not to understand why he got hit so much, a teammate told him: \"Then repeat after me: 'I give the pitcher hell, I give the catcher hell, I give the infielders hell, so their control's not so good when you come to the plate. '\" Clifton made it to the major leagues in 1934. Clifton went 1-for-16 for the 1934 Tigers, for an .063 batting average. In 1935, he played in 45 games and improved his batting average to .245 with 9 RBIs. In the 1935 World Series, Clifton became the Tigers' starting third baseman when Hank Greenberg broke his wrist in Game 2. The Tigers' regular third baseman Marv Owen moved to first base and Clifton stepped in at third base. Clifton had played only 43 games during the regular season, with a .255 batting average, and went 0 for 16 with 4 strikeouts in the Series. Clifton later said, \"I never hit the ball harder than I did in the '35 Series, but I couldn't buy a base hit. \" Clifton saw limited action with the Tigers in 1936 and 1937 and played his last major league game on July 1, 1937. In his major league career, Clifton played in 87 games, scoring 27 runs, and collecting 39 hits and 13 RBIs, with a career batting average of .200. After leaving the Tigers, Clifton played in the minor leagues in Toledo, Syracuse, and Minneapolis. Clifton played in 150 games for the Minneapolis Millers in 1943, batting .282 and collecting 56 RBIs. Clifton left baseball in 1944 and worked as an insurance agent. Clifton was born and died in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Museo Popol Vuh is home to one of the major collections of Maya civilization art in the world. It is located on the campus of the Universidad Francisco Marroquin in Zone 10, Guatemala City and is known for its extensive collection of pre-Columbian and colonial art of the Mayan culture. The Popol Vuh Museum is a private, nonprofit, scientific institution supported by its own funds and external donations. The museum is operated by a Board of Directors of citizens of Guatemala interested in the preservation and public display of the exhibits. One of its missions is to provide an educational focus for people who want to see and learn about the pre-Columbian past of Guatemala with the preservation, research, and diffusion of information . Although the museum is well known for its funerary ceramic art, the collection includes a variety of portable stone sculptures, especially from the Preclassic period, and from the coast and adjacent highlands. The section on Maya pottery includes some of the best preserved Maya vases and bowls .
Bob Steele (January 23, 1907 - December 21, 1988) was an American actor. He was born Robert Adrian Bradbury in Portland, Oregon, into a vaudeville family. After years of touring, the family settled down in Hollywood in the late 1910s, where his father, Robert N. Bradbury, soon found work in the movies, first as an actor, later as a director, and by 1920, he hired Bob and his twin brother Bill (1907-1971) as juvenile leads for a series of adventure movies entitled \"The Adventures of Bob and Bill\". Bob's career began to take off for good in 1927, when he was hired by production company Film Booking Offices of America (FBO) to star in a series of Westerns. Bob\u2014who was rechristened Bob Steele at FBO\u2014soon made a name for himself, and in the late 1920s, 1930s and 1940s starred in B-Westerns for almost every minor film studio, including Monogram, Supreme, Tiffany, Syndicate, Republic (including several films of the Three Mesquiteers series) and Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC) (including the initial films of their \"Billy the Kid\" series), plus he had the occasional role in an A-movie like director John Ford's adaptation of John Steinbeck's novel, Of Mice and Men from 1939. In the 1940s, Bob's career as a cowboy hero was on the decline, but he kept himself working by accepting supporting roles in many big movies like Howard Hawks' The Big Sleep, or the John Wayne vehicles Island in the Sky, Rio Bravo and Rio Lobo. Besides these he also made occasional appearances in science fiction films like Atomic Submarine and Giant from the Unknown and did lots of television work, culminating in a regular supporting role in the army comedy F Troop (1965 - 1967), which allowed him to show his comic talent. Steele played the character of Trooper Duffy who claimed to have been \"shoulder to shoulder with Davy Crockett at the Alamo\"-in fact Steele played in With Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo in 1926. Bob Steele died on December 21, 1988 from emphysema after a long sickness. Bob Steele is said to have been the inspiration for the character \"Cowboy Bob\" in the Dennis The Menace comic strip.
Corporal Burke was a United States Marine Corps sniper who received the Navy Cross for his actions during the Vietnam War.
Actiontec Electronics, Inc. is a company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, that designs and sells networking and broadband equipment. They are best known for the Actiontec MI424WR router that is given to Verizon customers, specifically its FiOS customers. It also makes VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) products to work with Skype, mainly business class PBX to Skype gateways which are under the VoSKY brand, but also including a speakerphone that plugs into a computer's USB port. The company sells its equipment through partnerships with telecommunication service providers and equipment makers, such as Qwest, America Online, NTL, UK Online, Dell, and Hewlett-Packard. It also sells through retailers.
Daniel John \" D.J. \" Caruso (born January 17, 1965) is an American director and producer from Norwalk, Connecticut. Caruso has directed the films Disturbia, Two for the Money, Taking Lives, The Salton Sea, and Eagle Eye. He has also directed television episodes for shows such as The Shield, Over There, Smallville, Dark Angel. He directed his first music video in 2007 for the song \"Don't Make Me Wait\" by This World Fair. He was also a guest judge on the FOX reality show On the Lot for the episode of May 28/29. In 2009 he directed a remake of the music video for Airborne Toxic Event, Sometime Around Midnight.
Johnnie David Hutchins (August 4, 1922 &ndash; September 4, 1943) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Hutchins, aged 21 at his death, was buried in Lakeside Cemetery, Eagle Lake, Texas.
David F. Winder (August 10, 1946 &ndash; May 13, 1970) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
SYNNEX Corporation, a Fortune 500 company founded in 1980 and based in Fremont, California, is a global information technology supply chain services company offering a comprehensive range of services to original equipment manufacturers, software publishers and reseller customers worldwide. The president and CEO, as of November 2008, is Kevin M. Murai. SYNNEX offers product distribution, related logistics services, business process outsourcing and contract assembly and works with the leading industry suppliers of IT systems, peripherals, system components, software and networking equipment. On December 21, 2009, they acquired Jack of All Games from Take 2 Interactive.
Assholeparade is a hardcore band from Gainesville, Florida. They have release two LPs and an EP for No Idea Records, as well as some compilation appearances. They have short aggressive songs. Chuck Ragan of Hot Water Music was in this band briefly for one week in 1998, and only two of Assholeparade's original members are left in its current 5-piece setup.
Ryan Stanchek (born June 26, 1985 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at West Virginia.
Albert Paul Morano (January 18, 1908 - December 16, 1987) was a U.S. Representative from Connecticut. Born in Paterson, New Jersey, Morano moved to Greenwich, Connecticut in 1912 and attended the public schools there. He served as member of Greenwich Board of Tax Review 1933-1935, and as chairman of the Chickahominy (area within Greenwich) Town Meeting District 1935-1937. He was Secretary to Representative Albert E. Austin in 1939 and 1940. He engaged in the real estate and insurance business in Greenwich, Connecticut in 1942. He then served as Secretary to Representative Clare Booth Luce 1943-1947, and State unemployment compensation commissioner 1947-1950, serving as chairman of the commission in 1949 and 1950. Morano was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-second and to the three succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1951-January 3, 1959). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1958. He served as special assistant to United States Senator Thomas Dodd from 1963 to 1969. He was a resident of Greenwich, Connecticut, until his death there on December 16, 1987. He was interred in St. Mary's Cemetery.
Jacob Charles Stenzel (June 24, 1867 in Cincinnati, Ohio - January 6, 1919 in Cincinnati, Ohio), was a professional baseball player who played outfield in the Major Leagues from 1890-1899. He played for the Chicago Colts, Baltimore Orioles, Pittsburgh Pirates, St. Louis Browns/Perfectos, and Cincinnati Reds.
Alex Kent (January 7, 1986) is the bass guitarist of the band Say Anything. He was the bassist in the now defunct Lance's Hero. He also owns Gnome Records, a record company that released Japandi's debut album, The Great Dinosaur Mystery, BoomSnake's \"Give and Take\" on 12\" vinyl, and Snuffaluffagus's \"Animals EP\" digitally and on a 7\". Alex went to Torrey Pines and Future's High Schools and graduated with a GED. He is divorced and resides in Portland, Oregon. He released two songs on his Myspace page, titled \"Fariy Pinball\" and \"Your Art Sucks, Dude\" off of an album/book titled \"Hey god, it's me Alex. I have some questions and I want some god-damned answers. \" He toured on a solo project from May 9 to May 15 2008 on the West Coast.
Pickering\u2014Ajax\u2014Uxbridge was a provincial electoral district in central Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Durham West and Durham\u2014York. It was abolished in 2007 with the territory rolled into Ajax\u2014Pickering, Durham and Pickering\u2014Scarborough East. The riding included all of Pickering and Uxbridge plus all of Ajax north of Finch Avenue.
Keith G. Birlem (May 4, 1915 &ndash; May 7, 1943) was an American football end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and Chicago Cardinals.
Frederick Maxmilian Boensch (September 27, 1920 &ndash; April 20, 2000) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of California, Berkeley and Stanford University and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1944 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Rams.
Ancaster\u2014Dundas\u2014Flamborough\u2014Aldershot was a provincial electoral district in southwestern Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Wentworth North, Burlington South and Halton Centre. It was abolished in 2007 into Ancaster\u2014Dundas\u2014Flamborough\u2014Westdale, Burlington, Hamilton Centre, Hamilton Mountain and Niagara West\u2014Glanbrook. The riding included the municipalities of Ancaster, Dundas and Flamborough plus that part of Burlington south of a line going along King Road to the 403 to the QEW.
Edward Joseph Britt (July 19, 1912 &ndash; November 1978) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Boston/Washington Redskins and the Brooklyn Dodgers. He attended the College of the Holy Cross.
Joseph Andrew Dixon (June 3, 1879 - July 4, 1942) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Dixon attended St. Patrick's School, Hughes High School, and Xavier University in Cincinnati. He served as clerk in a mercantile store 1893-1900. He engaged in retail clothing business in Anderson, Indiana, Hartford City, Indiana, and Cincinnati. He also was manager and owner of amateur and professional baseball teams. Active in young men's welfare work. Dixon was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth Congress (January 3, 1937-January 3, 1939). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938 to the Seventy-sixth Congress and for election in 1940 to the Seventy-seventh Congress. He resumed his former business pursuits in Cincinnati, Ohio, until his death there on July 4, 1942. He was interred in St. Joseph's Cemetery.
Edwin Einstein (November 18, 1842 \u2013 January 24, 1905) was a U.S. Representative from New York. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Einstein moved with his parents to New York City in 1846. He worked as clerk in a store. He received a collegiate training in the College of the City of New York, and entered Union College, but did not graduate. He engaged in mercantile pursuits. Einstein was elected as a Republican to the Forty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1879-March 3, 1881). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1880. He was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for mayor of New York City in 1892. Dock commissioner of New York City in 1895. He was prominently identified with a number of investment companies and woolen factories. He died in New York City January 24, 1905. He was interred in Shearith Israel Cemetery, Brooklyn, New York.
Barrie\u2014Simcoe\u2014Bradford was a provincial electoral district in central Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Simcoe Centre and a small part from Simcoe West. It was abolished in 2007 into Barrie, Simcoe\u2014Grey and York\u2014Simcoe. The riding included the municipalities of Barrie, Innisfil and Bradford West Gwillimbury.
Franklin Frederick Korell (July 23, 1889 - June 7, 1965) was an attorney and United States Congressman who represented the U.S. state of Oregon for two terms.
Alexander Duncan (1788 \u2013 March 23, 1853) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Born in Bottle Hill, Morris County, New Jersey, Duncan studied and practiced medicine. He moved to Ohio and settled in Cincinnati. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1828, 1829, 1831, and 1832. He served in the Ohio Senate 1832\u20131834. Duncan was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1837 \u2013 March 3, 1841). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1840 to the Twenty-seventh Congress but came back to win a seat in the Twenty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1843 \u2013 March 3, 1845). He did not run in 1844 for reelection to the Twenty-ninth Congress but instead resumed the practice of his profession. He died in Madisonville (now a part of Cincinnati), Hamilton County, Ohio, March 23, 1853 and is interred in Laurel Cemetery.
Victor Heintz (November 20, 1876 &ndash; December 27, 1968) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and highly decorated veteran of World War I. Born on a farm near Grayville, Illinois, Heintz attended the public schools. He was graduated from the University of Cincinnati in 1896 and from its law department in 1899. He was admitted to the bar in 1898 and commenced practice in Cincinnati, Ohio. He served six years in the Cavalry and Infantry of the Ohio National Guard. Heintz was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1917-March 3, 1919). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1918. During the First World War absented himself from the House and was commissioned a captain in the One Hundred and Forty-seventh Regiment, United States Infantry, on August 4, 1917. He went overseas June 22, 1918, and served until the end of the war. Decorated with the Distinguished Service Cross with Oak Leaf Cluster, Silver Star Medal, Purple Heart, and the Croix de Guerre. He served as vice president and secretary of Ohio Valley Real Estate Co.. He resumed the practice of law until his retirement in 1961. He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, December 27, 1968. He was interred in Armstrong Chapel Cemetery, Indian Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Cliff Chambers (January 10, 1922 in Portland, Oregon), was a former professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1948-1953. He played for the Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates, and St. Louis Cardinals. On May 6, 1951, in the second game of a doubleheader at Braves Field in Boston, Cliff Chambers pitched a no-hitter for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Joseph J. Ellick (April 3, 1854 &ndash; April 21, 1923) was a 19th century Major League Baseball player. He was also briefly the player-manager of the Chicago Browns/Pittsburgh Stogies of the Union Association, compiling a record of 6-6 with one tie.
Edward Cory Kunz (born April 8, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher. The right-hander currently plays for the Buffalo Bisons of the New York Mets organization.
Euclid\u2013East 120th is a station on the RTA Red Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located along Euclid Avenue at the corner of Coltman Road, near the western end of Lake View Cemetery. The station has the fewest passenger boardings of any station on the RTA Red Line. It receives meager use because there is little commercial or residential development around the station and no immediate parking. RTA plans to close the station and open a new station at Mayfield Road in 2010.
Arthur William Graham III (born July 31, 1941 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the American Football League. He played six seasons for the Boston Patriots. He played college football at Boston College.
Bruce was a provincial electoral district in western Ontario, Canada. It elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The riding existed from 1934 to 1967 and again from 1987 to 1999. The riding was abolished in 1999 into Bruce\u2014Grey\u2014Owen Sound and Huron\u2014Bruce. It consisted of the entirety of Bruce County.
Fred Willis (born December 9, 1947 in Natick, Massachusetts is a retired NFL football running back. While at Boston College, he was also a top 6 forward for the BC Hockey team.
Robert Strettell (1693\u20131762) was a city councilman and mayor of Philadelphia. He was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1693, the son of Amos Strettell. In 1736 he came with his family to Philadelphia, where he worked as a merchant. He was a member of the Common Council of the City of Philadelphia, a member of the Governor's Council, and Mayor of Philadelphia. Strettell was a trustee of the Academy and College of Philadelphia from 1749 to 1762. He died in 1762.
ECAD, Inc. , based in Santa Clara, California, was an early vendor of electronic design automation software. The company was best known for its design rule checking product Dracula, but also produced IC layout and PC layout software. Eventually, in a merger with SDA, it became Cadence Design Systems.
Chris Sexton is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Colorado Rockies and the Cincinnati Reds. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 10th round of the 1993 amateur draft but made it to the big leagues with the Rockies after being traded for Marcus Moore in 1995. He made his debut on May 3, 1999 against the Chicago Cubs. He played in 35 games that year filling in at center field, left field, right field, second base, and shortstop. The following year he was back with the Reds and he again played in 35 games as a utility infielder. Chris is a 1989 graduate of St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati and currently a resident of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Robert Edward Jones (born 1927) is an American politician and judge in Oregon. He is currently a senior judge for the United States District Court for the District of Oregon in the Portland. A Portland native, he previously served as the 84th Associate Justice on the Oregon Supreme Court and as a member of the Oregon House of Representatives.
Joseph Strauss (November 16, 1858 in Cincinnati, Ohio - June 24, 1906 in Cincinnati, Ohio), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher and outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1884-1886. He would play for the Kansas City Cowboys, Brooklyn Grays, and Louisville Colonels.
Robert James Gilks (July 2, 1864 in Cincinnati, Ohio - August 21, 1944 in Brunswick, Georgia), was a Major League Baseball pitcher and outfielder from 1887-1893. He played for the Cleveland Blues, Cleveland Spiders, and Baltimore Orioles.
Lanark\u2013Carleton was a provincial electoral district in eastern Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Lanark\u2013Renfrew and Carleton. It was abolished in 2007 into Carleton\u2013Mississippi Mills and Lanark\u2013Frontenac\u2013Lennox and Addington. The riding included all of Lanark County plus West Carleton Township and the city of Kanata.
Mark Raymond Fischer is a former American football center who played in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1998 NFL Draft.
Lester R. Stone, Jr. (June 4, 1947 &ndash; March 3, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Backstreet Boys are an American vocal group, formed in Orlando, Florida in 1993. The band originally consisted of A. J. McLean, Howie Dorough, Brian Littrell, Nick Carter and Kevin Richardson. In 2006 Richardson left the group to pursue other interests leaving the band as a four-piece, but the remaining members did not rule out a possible return of the singer. The band has released 7 studio albums to date and has sold over 130 million records worldwide, making them one of the biggest selling groups of all time. According to the US Billboard 200, the Backstreet Boys are the first artist since Sade to have each of their albums reach top 10 on the chart.
Wayne Elliot Davis (July 17, 1963 &ndash; March 16, 2008) was an American football cornerback in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers, the Buffalo Bills, and the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Indiana State University.
Mumpsy is a folk-pop indie rock band from Orlando, Florida. After forming in 2005, the band released their debut album, The Exuberance of Peachtree, in July 2005. Formerly a project primarily managed and operated by singer/songwriter Jeff Ilgenfritz, other members joined in December 2006 for a national tour in support of their second EP, 3 People, which was released in April 2007. Embarking on an East Coast tour of the US that was billed as \"Three Bands in One Van,\" Mumpsy joined Post Records labelmates Dodger and Sean Moore in a May 2007 outing. Mumpsy also played at the annual Las Vegas Cinevegas at the Stratosphere Hotel on June 11, 2007 as per an Ocean's 13 after-party. On Halloween 2007, Mumpsy released an album of 13 cover songs by the Misfits as part of a fundraiser for the Autism Society of Greater Orlando. The event was held at a local community bar, the Copper Rocket, wherein the proceeds from the performance were donated to the organization, as well as money collected from monetary contributions and from a silent auction on the original artwork. The album artwork was made entirely from felt fabrics, created by Ilgenfritz, which featured the famous Misfits Crimson Ghost logo. However, it was stolen moments before a silent auction could be held. Since the October show Ilgenfritz worked on a new LP, named after the opening track \"Cat and Canary\", which was released in April 2008. He wrote, recorded, and produced the entire album and as with previous albums, enlisted a host of local Orlando musicians to contribute on many of the tracks.
Nelson S. Rae was an American radio and stage actor whose career and life were cut short during World War II. Nelson Rae was born in New Jersey in 1915. He began his acting career as a member of the St. Louis Municipal Opera Company. In 1940 he landed a role as a member of the original cast of the Broadway musical Pal Joey, which opened in December of that year and starred Gene Kelly. In March 1941 Rae was drafted into the military and replaced in the cast of Pal Joey by Norman Van Emburgh. He was assigned to the 518th Military Police Battalion stationed at Fort Jay, Governors Island, New York, where he was in charge of soldier\u2019s entertainment. The 518th MP BN was later deployed to Bridgwater in Somerset, England. and Rae\u2019s unit participated in the June 6, 1944 D-Day landing in Normandy, France. The 518th MP BN saw heavy action in Belgium during the Battle of the Bulge from December 1944-January 1945. In January 1945 Rae\u2019s family received notice that he had been killed in action in Belgium. At the time of his death Rae held the rank of technical Sergeant. He was buried in New Jersey.
Elizabeth A. \"Betty\" Neilson, EDD (Oct. 13, 1911 to Oct. 4, 2001) was a prominent figure in the field of health education and a leader in promoting the wellness and holistic health perspectives in public health. She was born in West Medford, Massachusetts, the daughter of William and Anatasia (Mahoney) Neilson. She graduated from Medford High School in Medford, Mass. , attended Boston Bouve College, Northeastern University and graduated from Boston University with a doctorate in education. She began her teaching career at the Brimmer May School in Chestnut Hill, Brookline, Massachusetts, followed by teaching in the Medford Public Schools for several years. She subsequently joined the faculty of Lowell State College where she became a full professor, then went to Boston College where she became professor and chair in the Department of Health and Physical Education for several years. Her last academic position was at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio where she was Adjunct Professor in the Department of Health Sciences. She was the coauthor of numerous health textbooks and teachers\u2019 guides. She was the founder and editor-in-chief of the journal Health Values - Achieving High Level Wellness. She also contributed articles to other journal and newsletters including Journal School of Health, Journal of Health, Physical Education and Recreation, Massachusetts Teacher, Teaching About Drugs, Teaching About Vision, and Dental Health Today. She was active in the American School Health Association (ASHA) holding numerous positions including service on the Membership Committee, Governing Council, National Advisory Council, and the Editorial Board of the Journal of School Health. In 1968 she became President of the American School Health Association. She served on the board of directors for the American Diabetes Association, the American Heart Association, the National Mental Health Association, the Massachusetts Cancer Society, the Middlesex Tuberculosis and Health Association, and the March Against Dental Disease Foundation. She was also a member of the National Alumni Council of Boston University. She was the recipient of a number of awards including: the Boston-Bouver College of Human Development Distinguished Services Award, the Northeastern University Distinguished Alumni Award in Health Sciences, and the William A Howe Award from the American School Health Association. She was awarded fellowships in the American School Health Association, the National Honor Society for Women in Education, Pi Lambda Theta, and the Royal Society for Health.
Donald Philip Deeks (February 10, 1923 &ndash; September 4, 1995) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Boston Yanks, the Washington Redskins, and the Green Bay Packers. He played college football at the University of Washington and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1945 NFL Draft.
Dufferin\u2014Peel\u2014Wellington\u2014Grey is a former provincial electoral district in southwestern Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Wellington, Grey and Dufferin\u2014Peel. It was abolished in 2007 into Dufferin\u2014Caledon, Bruce\u2014Grey\u2014Owen Sound, Perth\u2014Wellington and Wellington\u2014Halton Hills ridings. The riding included all of Dufferin County plus the municipalities of Caledon, Erin, West Luther Township, Arthur, Southgate and Mount Forest. The provincial riding of Dufferin\u2014Peel\u2014Wellington\u2014Grey was created when the Harris government passed a bill reducing the number of ridings electing Members of Provincial Parliament (MPPs) in the Legislative Assembly so that they were the same as the number of federal Members of Parliament from Ontario. David Tilson of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario was elected from the riding in the 1999 provincial election. In April 2002, Tilson resigned his seat in order to give the newly-elected party leader and Premier of Ontario, Ernie Eves, an opportunity to enter the provincial legislature through a by-election. Eves won the by-election and retained his seat in the subsequent 2003 election although his government was defeated. Eves subsequently resigned as party leader and, on January 31, 2005, he resigned his seat in order to give his successor, John Tory the opportunity to enter the legislature through a by-election. The by-election was held on March 17, 2005. Tory was the Progressive Conservative candidate against Bob Duncanson for the Ontario Liberal Party, Lynda McDougall for the Ontario New Democratic Party, Frank de Jong who is leader of the Green Party of Ontario as well as the party's candidate, and independent Representative candidate William Cook. Tory won, with 56.3% of the vote.
William Wayne Seay (October 24, 1948 &ndash; August 25, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
The Greek Orthodox Metropolis of Boston (formerly the Greek Orthodox Diocese of Boston) is an ecclesiastical territory or metropolis of the Greek Orthodox Church in the New England region of the United States. It is led by a metropolitan bishop and is part of the Archdiocese of America which itself is under the control of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. On December 20, 2002, the territory was elevated from diocese to metropolis status, although its leader had been elevated to the role of metropolitan six years earlier in November 1997. The Annunciation Cathedral in the City of Boston serves as the head church, with metropolitan offices located in Brookline, Massachusetts alongside Hellenic College and Holy Cross. Metropolitan Methodios has led the territory since his enthronement as Bishop of Boston on April 8, 1984, following his election to that post by the Holy Synod of the Ecumenical Patriarchate in Phanar, Constantinople, Turkey.
Leslie M. Scott (February 18, 1878 \u2013 December 1968) was an American historian, newspaper publisher and Republican politician in Oregon. He served as Oregon State Treasurer from 1941-1949. He served as acting Governor of Oregon for a period in 1948. He was also president of the Portland, Oregon Chamber of Commerce. He served as chairman of the Oregon Historical Quarterly and served more than 40 years on the board of the Oregon Historical Society. Scott and his father, Oregonian editor Harvey W. Scott, compiled the six-volume A History of the Oregon Country. Leslie Scott served on the board of The Oregonian starting in 1939. In 1940, he was elected as a Republican to the office of State Treasurer, taking office on January 6, 1941. Scott won re-election to a second four-year term in 1944, and then left office on January 3, 1949. His house in Portland, the Leslie M. Scott House, built circa 1910, is on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). The NRHP-listed Coleman-Scott House is also associated with Scott.
West Boulevard-Cudell is a station on the RTA Red Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The station is located on the north side of Detroit Avenue at the intersection with West Boulevard in Cleveland's Cudell\u2013West Boulevard neighborhood. The station comprises a parking lot off Detroit Avenue with a station headhouse on the north side of the parking lot. The tracks and platform are located below the parking lot level. An enclosed bridge from the headhouse over the eastbound track, and a stairway leads down to the platform. Just west of the station, the Red Line leaves the right-of-way adjacent to the old Nickel Plate Road and goes through a cut to run southwest adjacent to the old New York Central main line.
West 117th\u2013Madison Avenue Highland Square is a station on the RTA Red Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located on the border between Cleveland and Lakewood. The station is located on the southeast corner of Madison Avenue and West 117th Street. The border between Cleveland and Lakewood runs down West 117th Street. As originally constructed, it included a bus loop adjacent to West 117th Street and a parking lot to the east. The station has undergone renovation and reconstruction, making it ADA accessible. The station recently underwent rehabilitation, and the renovated station was opened on October 16, 2007.
Bob Shreve (July 16, 1912 &ndash; February 20, 1990) was a first-generation television broadcasting personality based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Frederick C. \"Tricky\" Nichols (July 26, 1850 \u2013 August 22, 1897) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for six seasons from 1875 to 1882. He played for six teams: New Haven Elm Citys in 1875, Boston Red Caps in 1876, St. Louis Brown Stockings in 1877, Providence Grays in 1878, Worcester Ruby Legs in 1880, and Baltimore Orioles in 1882. He died in his hometown of Bridgeport, Connecticut at the age of 47, and is interred at Lakeview Cemetery.
Brookpark is a station on the RTA Red Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located along Brookpark Road west of the intersection of Engle Road. It is the westernmost station on the RTA Rapid Transit that includes free parking, and it is the second busiest station on the RTA Rapid Transit, after Tower City.
South Harbor is a station on the RTA Waterfront Line portion of the Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is the northern termius of the Waterfront Line and the terminus of the Blue and Green Lines. The station is located in a rather isolated setting on the southeast side of the Cleveland Municipal Parking Lot (locally known as the \"Muny Lot\"), and is generally only useful to access the parking areas. Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport is relatively close to the station, but to reach the airport one must cross the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway, and there is no pedestrian crossing.
East 79th is a station on the RTA Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located on East 79th Street south of Holton Avenue. The station bears the same name as the East 79th station on the Red Line. The Red Line station is located 0.4 miles north.
South Park is a station stop on the RTA Green Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of South Park Boulevard and Shaker Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with small shelters on each platform.
South Woodland is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of South Woodland Road and Van Aken Boulevard on the border between Cleveland and Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform southeast of the intersection, and the eastbound platform northwest of the intersection, with a small shelter on the westbound platform. Diagonal parking is provided on both sides of Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the eastbound platform and on the westbound side of Van Aken adjacent to the westbound platform.
Drexmore is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Drexmore Road and Van Aken Boulevard. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform southeast of the intersection, and the eastbound platform north of the intersection, with a small shelter on each platform. Diagonal parking is available on both sides of Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the westbound platform.
Southington is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Southington Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station has the same name as Southington station on the Green Line. The Green Line station is located 0.6 miles (1 km) north-northeast on Shaker Boulevard. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform southeast of the intersection, and the eastbound platform northwest of the intersection, with a small shelter on each platform. Diagonal parking is provided off Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to each platform.
Onaway is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Onaway Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform southeast of the intersection, and the eastbound platform northwest of the intersection, with a small shelter on the eastboard platform and two small shelters on the westbound platform. Diagonal parking is provided off westbound Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the westbound platform.
Avalon is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Avalon Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with a small shelter on the westbound platform and two small shelters on the eastbound platform. Diagonal parking is provided on both sides of Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the westbound platform and off westbound Van Aken adjacent to the eastbound platform.
Kenmore is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Kenmore Road, Glencairn Road, Ingleside Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with a small shelter on each platform. Diagonal parking is provided on both sides of Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the westbound platform.
Lee is a station on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Lee Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station is located in a cut within the median of Van Aken Boulevard west of Lee Road. Concrete stairways with tinted acrylic glass canopies lead from Lee Road down to two side platforms. The station has the same name as Lee station on the Green Line. The Green Line station is located 1.0 mile (1.6 km) north on Shaker Boulevard.
Kristin Andreassen is an American musician and dancer. She grew up in Portland, Oregon as Kristin Andrews. In 2002 she started using her great-grandfather's name Andreassen. Kristin sings, plays harmonica, piano, guitar, banjo-uke and fiddle and she is also a songwriter. From 1999 onwards she has been working as a principal dancer with Footworks Percussive Dance Ensemble, teaching &amp; performing various related forms of percussive dance: clogging, tap, Irish &amp; Canadian step dance. In December 2003 she joined the old-time music group Uncle Earl. She is a member of Sometymes Why and The Jolly Bankers. With the song Crayola, that she wrote together with Megan Downes, Kristin has won the 2006 John Lennon Songwriting Contest in the \"Children's\" category. The song was included on her 2007 solo record and she recorded a video for the song directed by Ballard C. Boyd. On November 22, 2008 she appeared on A Prairie Home Companion as a solo artist.
Kevin McGlinchy (June 28, 1977 in Malden, Massachusetts), is a professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1999-2000 with the Atlanta Braves. In the 1999 National League Championship Series, he gave up the famous Grand Slam Single to Robin Ventura in game 5. However, the Braves would win the next game to take the series.
Lee is a station stop on the RTA Green Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Southington Road and Shaker Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station has the same name as Lee station on the Blue Line. The Blue Line station is located 1.0 mile (1.6 km) south on Van Aken Boulevard. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform west of the intersection, and the eastbound platform east of the intersection, with small shelters on each of the platforms. The platforms are located on the opposite side of the intersection than most other Green Line platforms on Shaker Boulevard because there are left turn lanes on Shaker Boulevard. Thus, trains must go through the intersection before picking up or discharging passengers, rather than loading before going through the intersection.
Attleboro is a station stop on the RTA Green Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Southington Road and Shaker Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with a small shelter on the westbound platform.
Steve Sylvester (born March 4, 1953 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was an American football offensive lineman who played 9 seasons in the National Football League for the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders. He played college football for the University of Notre Dame.
Robert J. Pruden (September 9, 1949 &ndash; November 29, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Marcel LeHardy was born February 18, 1905 in Savannah, Georgia, and was commissioned ensign3 June 1926. A lieutenant commander from April 1, 1943, he was killed in enemy action while serving as communications officer in USS San Francisco (CA-38) during the Solomon Islands campaign.
PANTA Systems was founded in 2002 and headquartered in Santa Clara, California with offices in Austin, Texas and Pune. PANTA manufactured and sold Data Warehouse Appliances until 2007. The PANTA appliances ran the Oracle 10g database engine on servers and storage manufactured by PANTA and Clustered together with an InfiniBand fabric. PANTA Systems was a foundation member of the Oracle Information Appliance Initiative, since renamed the Oracle Optimized Warehouse Initiative (OWI). As of 2008, OWI members included Dell/EMC, HP, IBM, SGI, and Sun. PANTA Systems is the only Data Warehouse Appliance vendor to validate their claims of high perform, high availability and low cost with an externally verified TPC-H world record.
Harold Chester Thomas was born in Gleo, Oklahoma, 7 May 1907 and enlisted in the U.S. Navy 28 January 1927. He was appointed Carpenter 8 February 1933 and served in various ships and at Cavite before being commissioned Chief Carpenter 24 March 1939. Thomas reported to Boise 14 May 1940 and was appointed Lieutenant (junior grade) 1 September 1942.
William Wolfe Wileman, born on 4 May 1917 in Ventura County, California, graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1940 and enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve on 12 February 1941 as a seaman second class. After basic training at Oakland, California, he transferred to the Pensacola Naval Air Station for aviation training on 3 April and, the following day, received his appointment as an aviation cadet. He finished the basic course at Pensacola in August and moved to the Miami Naval Air Station on the 31st for advanced training. His flight instruction ended on 4 November; and, on the 5th, Wileman was commissioned an ensign in the U.S. Naval Reserve.
Charles Rogers Greer (July 10, 1920 - April 14, 1942) was born in Turtle Creek, Pennsylvania, United States. He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in 1938, and as a private first class was on duty in the Philippines at the opening of World War II.
Eldon P. Wyman was born in Portland, Oregon on 11 January 1917. He attended the University of Oregon from 1936 to 1940 before he enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve as an apprentice seaman on 22 August 1940 at Portland. After training on the USS Tuscaloosa (CA-37), he accepted an appointment as midshipman in the Naval Reserve on 17 March 1941. Attending the Naval Reserve Midshipman's School at Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois, Wyman was commissioned as an ensign on 12 June and reported to the USS Oklahoma (BB-37) on 19 July. That battleship subsequently operated out of Pearl Harbor as a unit of Battleship Division 1 on exercises in the Hawaiian operating area and off the west coast as tensions increased in the Pacific and in the Far East. By early December 1941, Wyman was serving as junior watch officer of the ship's \"F\" (fire control) division. Moored outboard of the USS Maryland (BB-46) during the attack on Pearl Harbor, the Oklahoma took four aerial torpedoes and rolled over at her berth; among those trapped within the ship's hull was Wyman. On 04 September 2008 the Defense Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office announced the remains of Wyman and two other seamen had been identified.
Bruce Godfrey Brackett (October 16, 1915 &ndash; January 14, 1943) was an United States naval aviator who was posthumously awarded the Silver Star for his heroism during World War II.
Rehasher is a punk rock band based in Gainesville, Florida. They are currently signed to No Idea Records and are in the process of recording a second album. Rehasher is the side project of ska punk band Less Than Jake bass player/back up and lead singer Roger Manganelli.
23andMe is a privately held personal genomics and biotechnology company based in Mountain View, California that claims to be developing new methods and technologies that will enable consumers to understand their own genetic information. 23andMe was founded to \"empower individuals and develop new ways of accelerating research. \" The current cost of 23andMe's product is $499 for both health and ancestry. The ancestry edition costs $399 and the health edition costs $429. The product previously cost $399 for everything. Both Google and New Enterprise Associates have invested in 23andMe. The 23andMe website is currently split into four categories: Health and Traits, Ancestry, Sharing and Community, and Research. They currently test or are researching over 100 diseases, conditions, and traits. Google has invested $3.9M and recently another $2.6M in 23andMe, whose co-founder Anne Wojcicki is married to Google co-founder Sergey Brin. Genentech is also reported to have invested in 23andMe.
David Paul Nash (November 3, 1947 or 1948 &ndash; December 29, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Lakeshore was a provincial electoral district that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was roughly located in southern Etobicoke It existed from 1963 to 1987 when it was abolished into Etobicoke\u2014Lakeshore.
Robert C. Murray (December 10, 1946 &ndash; June 7, 1970) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
John James Powers (July 3, 1912 \u2013 May 8, 1942) was a United States Navy officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II. He was born in New York City on July 3, 1912 and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1935.
John Michael Bermingham was born in New York City on July 5, 1905 and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1929.
John Joseph Doherty, born 26 February 1919 in Charlestown, Massachusetts, enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve 1 March 1940 and was appointed aviation cadet 9 July 1940.
Unwanted Superheroes (also known as USH) was a five-piece Post hardcore band out of Pembroke Pines, Florida. Formed in 2002, Unwanted Superheroes shot up the South Florida music scene in only a flash. Rising up from out of nowhere in the small town of Pembroke Pines, Florida, they went on to share the stage with bands such as Thursday, Coheed and Cambria, Emery, 18 Visions, A Static Lullaby, Brazil, The Beautiful Mistake, Misery Signals, Secret Lives of the Freemasons, Hawthorne Heights, The Fully Down, Rise Against, Alexisonfire, Silverstein, This Day And Age, Remembering Never, The Panic Division,Hopesfall, Burns Out Bright, codeseven, Anatomy of a Ghost, LoveHateHero, The AKA's, The Black Maria, Rory, and Madison.
East 116th is a station on the RTA Blue and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of East 116th Street and Shaker Boulevard. The station comprises side platforms below grade in the median of Shaker Boulevard west of East 116th Street. Two concrete stairways with tinted acrylic glass canopies lead from the East 116th bridge over the tracks down to the platforms.
Farnsleigh is a station stop on the RTA Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Farnsleigh Road and Van Aken Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms west of the intersection. There is parking along he median on both sides of Van Aken Boulevard adjacent to the station. There is also a large parking lot on the north side of Shaker Boulevard.
Warrensville is a station stop on the RTA light rail Blue Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is the eastern terminus of the Blue Line. It is located at the median of Van Aken Boulevard near the intersection of Warrensville Center Road, Chagrin Boulevard, Van Aken Boulevard, and Northfield Road in Shaker Heights. The station has the same name as Warrensville station on the Green Line. The Green Line station is located 0.9 mile (1.4 km) north on Shaker Boulevard.
Born on April 27, 1923 at Saginaw, Missouri, Clarence Lee Evans enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Reserve on May 31, 1941.
Richard Hill (b. 16?? in Maryland \u2013 d. September 4, 1729 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a seaman, merchant, and mayor of Philadelphia. In early life, Hill followed the sea, and up to 1704 he was known as \"Captain Hill\". He was in Philadelphia during the second visit of William Penn, proprietor and founder, to his colony, where he made the proprietor's acquaintance and came to enjoy his personal friendship. He finally settled as a merchant in Philadelphia, and was admitted to the governor's council in February of 1704, retaining the place up to the time of his death. In 1707, he was unanimously elected alderman of the city, and in 1709 was chosen mayor, to which office he was many times re-elected. He was elected to the assembly in 1710, and served in this body continuously until 1721, serving three times as speaker. In 1720, as one of the six oldest councillors, he was appointed a master in the court of chancery, just organized, and was also for several years a judge of the Supreme Court of the province. In the quarrels that arose between the assembly and Penn, he sided with the latter, and is recognized as the leader that did most to preserve Quaker and proprietary ascendancy. Penn made him a trustee under his will.
Moments in Grace was a rock band from St. Augustine, Florida. Initially called 'Postcard Audio,' the band was re-vamped with the help of Brian McTernan, who engineered and produced all of the band's recorded output. Jake now plays in The Eastern Wave, Decahedron, Frodus, and runs Computer Club Records while Jeremy has recorded/produced music for Taken from You, Forever Changed, Bernard, Amity and City of Ships. Tim recently played an As Friends Rust reunion tour in 2008.
Lieutenant Commander Richard S. Baron was killed March 15, 1942 during the bombing of Cebu City, Philippine Islands.
Samuel Preston was a jurist, merchant, and mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was brought up as a Quaker. Removing from Maryland to Sussex county (now part of the state of Delaware) on the Delaware, he was sent to the legislature from the latter place in 1693, and again in 1701, and was chosen sheriff in 1695. About 1703 he took up residence in Philadelphia, where he became a merchant, and stood among the most influential of the Quakers of his day. In 1708 he was unanimously elected alderman. During the same year James Logan, desiring William Penn, founder and proprietor of Pennsylvania, to consider whom to add to the property commission, wrote to him, saying: \"Samuel Preston is also a very good man, and now makes a figure, and, indeed, Rachel's husband ought particularly to be taken notice of, for it has too long been neglected, even for thy own interest. \" (His wife was the daughter of Thomas Lloyd, president of Penn's council. ) Almost immediately afterward, Preston was called to the council, on which he served until he died. He was chosen mayor of Philadelphia in 1711, and in 1714 became the treasurer of the province, retaining the office until his death. In 1726 he became a justice of the peace and of the court of common pleas, and in 1728 one of the commissioners of property, which office he held many years. He was also one of the trustees under Penn's will.
Nicholas Albert Giaquinto is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins and the Washington Redskins. Giaquinto played in the 1982 and 1983 Super Bowls with the Redskins and retired after the 1983 season, ending his four-year NFL career. He played college football at the University of Connecticut and the University of Bridgeport. He holds the single game rushing record at UConn of 277 yards in 1976 versus Holy Cross. Presently, Giaquinto is the head baseball coach at Sacred Heart University in Connecticut, a position he has held since 1988.
Bunyan Randolph Cooner, born at Columbia, South Carolina, 27 February 1914, enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve 12 June 1939. After flight training, he was commissioned ensign 3 September 1941 and served with Bombing Squadron 3 in USS Saratoga (CV-3).
Alvin Lee Marts, born 4 August 1923 at Wilsonville, Nebraska, enlisted in the Navy at Denver, Colorado, 2 July 1941.
Lt. Edward Micka, born at Cayuga, North Dakota, 10 October 1915, enlisted in the United States Navy 19 June 1934. Appointed midshipman from the Navy at large the following year, he was commissioned ensign 1 June 1939.
Donald Roy McAnn, born 23 June 1911 in Rochester, New York, enlisted in the United States Navy 16 August 1932.
Bring Light, Inc. is an American company that runs an online web service which helps charities reach new donors and raise funds. It is also a social network for donors to find charitable projects to support and to help those donors make a bigger difference by getting others involved.
Samuel Stockton Miles was born on 12 November 1913 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He received a B.A. degree from Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey, in 1936, and an M.D. degree from the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland, in 1940.
William Robertson Gray, Jr. (December 27, 1922) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of Southern California and Oregon State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1947 NFL Draft. As of January 2010, he is living in Portland, OR.
John Drayton Baker, born in Plainfield, New Jersey, on 31 May 1915, enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve as seaman 2d class on 21 January 1941 at Brooklyn, New York.
Glasseater was a pop punk band from Miami, Florida. The band formed in 1998 as a duo, eventually expanding to a quintet. Energetic live shows got the band signed to Ides of March Records in 1999, and a second album was released on Eulogy Recordings in 2000. Nationwide touring ensued, opening for Black Flag, 311, Dashboard Confessional, and Pennywise. Signing to Fearless Records, the band re-released their second album and recorded a third, soon moving on to Victory Records to record their fourth album in 2003.
Colonel Jacob Duch\u00E9 (1708\u20131788) was a mayor of Philadelphia in the colonial province of Pennsylvania. Duch\u00E9 was born in Philadelphia, the son of Anthony Duch\u00E9 (d. 1762), a French Huguenot who came with his wife to America in the same ship as William Penn in about 1700. He was appointed a colonel of the militia. He served as mayor of Philadelphia from 1761 to 1762. He was for many years a vestryman of Christ Church; when the congregation grew too large to be accommodated there, he headed the committee that oversaw the erection of its daughter church, St. Peter's.
William Garfield Thomas, Jr. (September 13, 1916 - October 12, 1942) was born in Watsontown, Pennsylvania.
Warrensville is a station on the Green Line of the RTA Rapid Transit in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located in the median of Shaker Boulevard on the west side of Warrensville Center Road in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms. Two concrete stairways with tinted acrylic glass canopies extend down to the platforms from the west side of the overpass carrying Warrensville Center Road over the tracks. There is a parking lot along the westbound platform. Access to the parking is from westbound Shaker Boulevard. The Warrensville Center Road overpass is the only grade separation on the Green Line from Shaker Square east. (There is also a bridge at Green Road, but it extends over tracks beyond the end of the line used for layovers. ) The station has the same name as Warrensville station on the Blue Line. The Blue Line station is located 0.9 mile (1.5 km) south at the end of Van Aken Boulevard.
Leonard W. Thornhill, born on August 17, 1915 in Lamison, Alabama, was appointed to the U.S. Naval Academy on June 19, 1934, graduated on June 2, 1938, and was commissioned an ensign.
Haldimand\u2014Norfolk\u2014Brant was a provincial electoral district in central Ontario, Canada that elected one Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1999 from Norfolk and Brant\u2014Haldimand. It was abolished in 2007 into Haldimand\u2014Norfolk and Brant. The riding included all of Norfolk County, plus the town of Haldimand, the townships of Burford, Oakland and Onondaga plus the Indian reserves of New Credit and Six Nations.
Gunner's Mate 2nd Class Danny Dietz (January 26, 1980 - June 28, 2005) of Littleton, Colorado was a U.S. Navy SEAL who was posthumously awarded the Navy's 2nd highest citation for valor, the Navy Cross, on 13 September 2006.
Andrew Kenneth Waterman, born in Lewis County, Kentucky, on 20 December 1913, enlisted in the United States Navy on 21 November 1932 at Buffalo, New York.
Aviation Ordnanceman Ernest Lenard Hilbert was born 14 June 1920 at Quinn, South Dakota, and enlisted in the United States Navy 10 April 1940 at Los Angeles, California.
Vonray was a modern rock band from Orlando, Florida. The group formed around singer/songwriter Vaughan Rhea, originally from Tennessee, who had come to Orlando playing as an acoustic coffeeshop act. Inspired by grunge music, Rhea put together a band with his brother, Dave, and began playing somewhat harder tunes, though still acoustic-based. Soon after, the band was opening for Third Eye Blind and Seven Mary Three, among other national acts, and released an independent debut album, \"Panes,\" as VonRa in 1997. A second independent album release, \"VonRa,\" followed in 1999, and a third, \"Fame,\" came in 2001. As major-label attention increased, the band scored a slot opening for Creed in summer of 2002. The band was signed to Elektra Records in late 2002 and under the moniker Vonray saw their first major label release on Elektra Records in early 2003 (April 8). The band charted a single hit in the US in 2002 with the song \"Inside Out,\" which was featured on the WB Network's television show Smallville, on which the band made an appearance, and its (\u00A92002); \"Inside Out\" subsequently peaked at #32 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart and at #31 on Billboard's Top 40 Mainstream chart. A second single, \"I'll Show You,\" followed but received little promotion from the label and failed to chart. Due to Elektra Records then merging with Atlantic Records, promotion for the band all but ceased, and the band was dropped from the label soon after. A casualty of the merger, the group went on hiatus in October 2003; after a longstanding fan petition, Vonray reunited for a free and final \"farewell\" show on September 1, 2007 at the Hard Rock Live in Orlando, FL. Vocalist Vaughan Rhea has continued to perform sporadically around the Orlando area.
Seaman Second Class Andrew Jackson Gandy was born 20 October 1924 in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Frank O. Slater, born in Fyffe, Alabama, on 19 December 1920, enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve on 10 February 1942.
A salte\u00F1a is a type of empanada of Bolivian origin sold throughout Bolivia, although they are also available in some other countries such as Argentina, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and the USA. They originated in the southern department of Tarija. Salte\u00F1a means in Spanish belonging to Salta (an Argentinian city, where its creator was born). Salte\u00F1as are savory pastries filled with beef, pork or chicken mixed in a sweet, slightly spicy or very spicy sauce, and sometimes also containing peas, potatoes and other ingredients. There are also some vegetarian versions available for sale at certain restaurants. Typically salte\u00F1as can be found in any town or city throughout the country, but each area has its variations; Cochabamba and Sucre (the capital of Bolivia) claim to have the best version of this snack, and many will go out of their way to try the variation from Potos\u00ED. In La Paz, it is a tradition to enjoy salte\u00F1as as a mid-morning snack, although vendors often start selling salte\u00F1as very early in the morning. The pastries are sold anywhere from 7am to noon. What is astonishing is how quickly they are sold; many outlets are sold out by mid-morning.
Gary Famiglietti (November 28, 1913 &ndash; July 13, 1986) was a professional American football player who played running back for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and Boston Yanks. He was born in Medford, Massachusettsand attended college at Boston University. He was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1938 NFL Draft. Famiglietti's most productive year occurred in 1942. He finished third in NFL rushing yards with a total of 503 and first in rushing touchdowns with a total of 8.
Neal Anderson Scott, born May 21, 1919 at Montgomery, Alabama, was appointed Assistant Paymaster with the rank of Ensign, U.S. Naval Reserve, April 8, 1942.
Kenneth Hart Muir was born July 25, 1916 in Brooklyn, New York.
Rumbleseat was the acoustic-folk side project of Hot Water Music frontmen Chuck Ragan and Chris Wollard, and Bitchin' frontwoman Samantha Jones. Formed in 1998, Rumbleseat released four 7\" records before releasing the full length album, 'Rumbleseat Is Dead', which was not released until 2005.
Robert Gustave \"Bun\" Troy (27 August 1888 - 7 October 1918) was a German-born Major League Baseball pitcher who was killed in action while serving with the U.S. Army during World War I at Petit Majouym, France. Born in Wurzach, Germany, Troy was a right-handed pitcher who played in a single major league baseball game on September 15, 1912. He started the game for the Detroit Tigers, pithced 6-2/3 innings, giving up 4 runs. He gave up 9 hits, 3 walks, and hit one batter with a pitch. Troy later pitched for the Pittsfield Electrics. Troy was one of five Major League Baseball players who were killed in World War I. The others were: Alex Burr\u201A Larry Chappell\u201A Eddie Grant\u201A and Ralph Sharman.
Chief Machinist's Mate Eugene Blair (Tremont, Virginia, April 26, 1908&ndash;Darwin, Australia, February 19, 1942) was a United States Navy sailor of World War II who had a ship named for him.
Hubert Paul Chatelain, born in Mansura, Louisiana, February 11, 1917, enlisted in the United States Navy July 10, 1935.
Douglas Wolk is a Portland, Oregon-based author and critic. He has written about comics and popular music for publications including The New York Times, Rolling Stone, The Washington Post, The Nation, The New Republic, Salon. com, Pitchfork Media, and The Believer. He has written two books: a volume in the 33\u2153 series on James Brown's Live at the Apollo and '; the latter won the 2008 Eisner Award for Best Comics-Related Book and the 2008 Harvey Award for Best Biographical, Historical, or Journalistic Presentation. Wolk was the managing editor of CMJ New Music Monthly from 1993 to 1997, and hosted a radio show on WFMU from 1999 to 2001. He also maintains a blog and a record label, Dark Beloved Cloud.
Victoria\u2014Haliburton was a provincial electoral district in central Ontario, Canada which elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1967 and abolished in 1999 into Haliburton\u2014Victoria\u2014Brock and Parry Sound\u2014Muskoka. The riding from 1987 to 1999 consisted of all of Haliburton County and all of Victoria County except for Manvers Township.
Minor Butler Poole (February 2, 1920, in Brandon, Mississippi - October 12, 1942, in Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands) enlisted in the United States Navy February 15, 1938. During the Battle of Cape Esperance at Guadalcanal, Poole was in charge of the Forward Magazine Flooding Control Station aboard USS Boise (CL-47). He gave up his life in an attempt to reach the flooding panel through overpowering gas fumes on October 12, 1942, and for this Gunners Mate First Class Poole posthumously received the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism and courageous devotion to duty. 107 Boise crewmembers died in that battle.
Derrek Dickey (March 20, 1951&ndash;June 25, 2002) was an American professional basketball player and sportscaster. A 6'7\" forward, Dickey starred at the University of Cincinnati for three varsity seasons (1970-71 thru 1972-73) before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the second round of the 1973 NBA Draft. Dickey played five seasons in the NBA with the Warriors and the Chicago Bulls, averaging 6.1 points per game and 4.9 rebounds per game. He was a key contributor on the 1975 Warriors team that won the NBA Championship. After his playing career ended, Dickey served as a color commentator on telecasts of University of Cincinnati basketball games. He also held stints as an analyst for the Sacramento Kings and the Chicago Bulls. Dickey suffered a stroke in 1997 and lost the use of his left arm and leg. Through rehabilitation, he regained his ability to walk and resumed his broadcasting duties. He also became a volunteer for the American Heart Association. In 2002, Dickey died of heart failure at his home in Sacramento.
Rory is an American pop punk band from Altamonte Springs, Florida. They are signed to One Eleven Records.
Fred Kenneth Moore, born 17 December 1921, at Campbell, Texas, enlisted in the United States Navy 31 July 1940.
Don Leslie Michael (July 31, 1947 &ndash; April 8, 1967) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Edgar Lee McWethy, Jr. (November 22, 1944 &ndash; June 21, 1967) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Ray McKibben (October 27, 1945 or 1946 &ndash; December 6, or December 8, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
MicroUnity is a private company located in Santa Clara, California. The company was one of the first promoting Mediaprocessors, that is, CPUs tailored for digital media such as digital video and digital audio streams.
Roy Joseph Marchand was born in Crandall, Mississippi, 17 September 1920.
Edwin William Hurst was born October 16, 1910 at Falls City, Nebraska.
Robert Ronald Leisy (March 1, 1945 &ndash; December 2, 1969) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Billy Lane Lauffer (October 20, 1945 &ndash; September 21, 1966) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
George H. \"Foghorn\" Bradley (July 1, 1855 &ndash; March 31, 1900) was an American umpire in Major League Baseball for six full seasons who was born in Medford, Massachusetts. He also played one season in the National League.
Tom Grant (b. 22 February 1946) is an American smooth jazz pianist and vocalist.
Walter Harold Mosley, born in Waco, Texas, 17 January 1916.
Harry James Lowe, Jr. was born 6 January 1922 in Paducah, Kentucky
QuikCycle, Inc. (formerly Lumenar\u00E9 Networks) is a Santa Clara, California-based developer of lab automation and test management solutions. QuikCycle's software allows for complete test lifecycle management and is in use by telecommunications and cable service providers, network equipment manufacturers, enterprises, and storage area network (SAN) providers around the world. The Company\u2019s software automates manual steps in the pre-production testing of new network services, infrastructure upgrades and network devices.
Amy Polumbo (born 20 November 1984) was crowned as Miss New Jersey 2007. She won the title on her first attempt. She is from Howell Township, New Jersey, where she graduated from Howell High School in 2003. She graduated from Wagner College in 2008, where she studied musical theatre and psychology. She left college for some time to star as Ariel in The Voyage of The Little Mermaid in MGM Studios at Walt Disney World. Amy Polumbo is a member of Actors' Equity and plans to perform on Broadway. She also plans to obtain a Masters Degree in Speech-Language Pathology. Polumbo was a subject of some controversy in July 2007 when compromising photos from her private Facebook account were mailed to the pageant board by a group calling itself \"The Committee to Save Miss America. \" These photos were later released to the media and the issue received national attention. In an interview on NBC's Today Show, Amy Polumbo said the photos show no nudity, pornography or underage drinking. In a later interview on The Today Show, the photos were released and were received by the public as anything but scandalous. Her attorney has denied the rumors that the incident was a publicity stunt. Other than The Today Show, Polumbo appeared on The O'Reilly Factor and MSNBC with Dan Abrams. However, she has turned down numerous interview opportunities and has considered changing her name because of this incident. Polumbo was the winner of the Miss America Reality Check trivia competition which won the Red Team an advantage in the final stage. Polumbo won a Non-finalist Talent Award at the 2008 Miss America Pageant
John J. Kedenburg (July 31, 1946 &ndash; June 14, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
The Boston Motion Picture Awards are a group of international film and screenwriting competitions founded in 2004. The competitions are Internet-based, and reward both student and professional filmmakers with money and other prizes donated by sponsors. The BMPAs typically accept entries during the summer and early fall, and then send out the ten best entries to a panel of guest judges.
Colonel Ronald Richard Savin, United States Air Force (Ret. ) is a chemical engineer noted for the formulation of over 400 commercial paints and coatings. Col. Savin holds over 20 patents in the field and is the inventor and owner of Hyperseal, Inc. He holds double bachelor\u2019s degrees in Chemistry and Literature from University of Michigan, with postgraduate studies at Columbia University and the University of Paris (Sorbonne). Col. Savin graduated Air War College in 1975 and Industrial College of the Armed Forces in 1976. Col. Savin served during World War II, and Korea and entered the reserves in 1979. He retired in 1986. During his military service, Col. Savin developed aerospace and anti-corrosive coatings as well as contributing to professional journals. Col. Savin also worked within the paint laboratory of the Air Force Systems Division at Wright Patterson Air Force Base on air force development projects. He is a member of the Steel Structures Painting Council, the National Association of Corrosion Engineers, the Federation of Paint Technicians, the Federation of Coatings Technology, the Air Force Association, the Reserve Officers Association, and the Army-Navy Club. From 1957 to 1991, Col. Savin was president and owner of Premium Finishes, Inc. In 1991, he sold the company to Hunting PLC, a British conglomerate with over 2 billion dollars turnover involved in aerospace, oil, and paint production. While in retirement in 2006, Col. Savin invented a revolutionary method of formulating hollow glass into regular acrylic paint using specialized silica and cellulose additives. He patented the method, branded it Hyperglass and Hyperflex Caulk and incorporated Hyperseal, Inc. Col. Savin lives in Rancho Mirage with his wife Gloria Ann Hopkins. They have two daughters: Danielle Elizabeth and Andrea Lianne.
Donald R. Johnston (November 19, 1947 &ndash; March 21, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Roy Orestus Hale, Jr. , born on 10 May 1916 in Monroe, Louisiana, graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and was commissioned ensign on 2 June 1938.
Martin H. Ray, Jr. , was born 9 August 1913, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and educated in Yonkers, New York. After one year at New York University he entered the U.S. Naval Academy, graduating with the class of 1934.
Lloyd Jones Mills was born 3 July 1917 at Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Kenneth W. Durant (born 2 March 1919 in Algona, Iowa) was a United States Navy sailor.
Herbert A. Calcaterra (April 7, 1920 \u2013 September 4, 1942) was a US Navy sailor. Calcaterra was born in Escalon, California.
Thomas Mack Wilhoite was born on 12 February 1921 in Guthrie, Kentucky.
Albert C. Baschang, sometimes written as \"Al Bashang\" (August 22, 1888 - June 23, 1967) was a Major League Baseball player who played 6 games for the Detroit Tigers in July 1912 and 2 games for the Brooklyn Robins in 1918. In Detroit, he played 5 of his 6 games in left field, accompanied by Hall of Famers Ty Cobb in center field and Sam Crawford in right field. He had a perfect fielding percentage for the Tigers, but his batting average of .083 was not good enough to remain in the big leagues. In 1918, he got a second chance in Brooklyn, but only played in 2 games in July 1918. Baschang died in 1967 at age 78. He was born and died in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was buried at the Vine Street Cemetery in Cincinnati.
Target Nevada was a super-group composed of members from Bird of Ill Omen, Poison the Well, Until the End, All Hell Breaks Loose, Dead Weight and Dance Floor Justice. In 2004, they released their CD single \"Something Nasty\", which was later followed by a full length album.
Robert John Hibbs (April 21, 1943 &ndash; March 5, 1966) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
The cuisine of Guatemala reflects the multicultural nature of Guatemala, in that it involves food that differs in taste depending on the region. Guatemala has 22 departments (or divisions), each of which has very different food varieties. For example Antigua Guatemala is well known for its candy which makes use of many local ingredients fruits, seeds and nuts along with honey, condensed milk and other traditional sweeteners. Antigua's candy is very popular when tourists visit the country for the first time, and is a great choice in the search for new and interesting flavors. Many traditional foods are based on Maya cuisine and prominently feature corn, chiles and beans as key ingredients. Various dishes may have the same name as a dish from a neighboring country, but may in fact be quite different for example the enchilada or quesadilla, which are nothing like their Mexican counterparts. There are also foods that it is traditional to eat on certain days of the week - for example, by tradition it is known that on Thursday, the typical food is \"paches\" which is like a tamale made with a base of potato, and on Saturday it is traditional to eat tamales. Certain dishes are also associated with special occasions, such as fiambre for All Saints Day on November 1 and tamales which are common around Christmas.
Lyrical is a Hip hop artist from Lowell, Massachusetts, who also teaches college. His 2005 album iNFiNiTi won for album of the year in the M.I.C. Hip Hop awards in Boston and is available worldwide. He teaches college part-time in Massachusetts, primarily in the areas of Math and entertainment (including a Hip Hop course at Lasell College, entertainment courses at Bay State College, and math courses at New England Arts Institute) and speaks and performs regularly at schools. In the early and mid 1990s he competed in several invitation only freestyle battles, and went on to win many more in the years to follow. He is now an officer for the Mass Industry Committee and 617Live TV which is also owned by the Mass Industry Committee. Lyrical also fills in for fellow Boston rapper Akrobatik on JAM'N 94.5 to perform the daily \"SPORTS RAP UP\" (part of the highly rated Ramiro &amp; Pebbles Morning Show) on occasion when Akrobatik is unavailable
Paul Anthony Wiggins was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of Oregon and was drafted in the third round of the 1997 NFL Draft. NoW residing in Mansfield Texas and working at a company,married with two kids, and successful.
Jessee/Miller Field is located on the campus of Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut. It is the home field of the Trinity College football team. In recent years the field has also been affectionately referred to as \"The Coop\" (in reference to Trinity's mascot the Bantam). Named after Trinity's legendary head football coaches Dan Jessee and Don Miller, it is the 10th oldest college football field in America. The 1st game was played on September, 13th 1900. Dan Jesse was the head coach at Trinity from 1932-1966 compiling a record of 150-76-7. His successor, Don Miller, followed with a 174-77-5 in 32 seasons as head coach of the Bantams. He retired in 1998 as the all-time winningest coach in New England Division III football history. In the summer of 2002 the playing surface was changed from natural grass to FieldTurf. Since then the Bantams have been undefeated in all home contests held at \"The Coop\" with a perfect record of 20-0.
Last Winter is an Alternative/Rock/Pop band from Orlando, Florida. They are currently signed to Lifeforce Records. Their new CD titled Under The Silver Of Machines was released July 24 2007.
Seinajoki Crocodiles is an American football team from Sein\u00E4joki, Finland. The team plays in the Finnish Maple League and it has also played in the European Football League. The Crocodiles is one of the top teams in Finland and Europe. The Big Brother 8 contestant Nick Starcevic played for the Crocodiles in 2006.
John G. Gertsch (September 29, 1944 or 1945 &ndash; July 19, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
HighPoint Technologies is a multi-channel SATA and RAID controller device manufacturer. The company was founded in 1995. They make RocketRAID series of RAID cards.
Frank R. Fratellenico (July 14, 1951 &ndash; August 19, 1970) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Douglas B. Fournet (May 7, 1943 &ndash; May 4, 1968) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Charles Clinton Fleek (August 28, 1947 &ndash; May 27, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
The Blizzard of 78 is a Boston/Providence based five-piece rock band. Comprising of ex-Delta Clutch members, they currently have two albums to their credit, the first being the critically acclaimed Where All Life Hangs. Tanya Donelly contributed a guest vocal to the album, and it won several Motif Magazine awards in 2007. The Blizzard of 78 have played with, or opened for, Coldplay, Alex Chilton, Ronnie Spector, Snow Patrol, Jim Carroll, Tanya Donelly, Guster, Remy Zero and Throwing Muses. The group once performed The Replacements' album Tim in its entirety. The band has won awards in The Providence Phoenix Best Music Poll, and has been a part of NEMO, WBCN Rumble, Nashville NEA Extravaganza, and the mp3. com/Heineken Tour. In May 2007 they had a song included on the tribute to the Clash's album Sandinista!, featuring Mikey Dread toasting on their track, Silicone on Sapphire. Mikey Dread died on March 15, 2008. The Blizzard of 78 released their second full length album, Book of Lies, on December 9, 2008. The Providence Phoenix again nominated the group for awards in two categories in their 2009 Best Music Poll, Best Act and Best Male Vocalist. Boston/Providence Phoenix review of Book of Lies Official home page
Chera-Lyn Cook, (b.1976) crowned Miss Kentucky 1998, was the first young woman from southeast Kentucky to win the Miss Kentucky title. Representing the title of Miss Lexington, but claiming London, Kentucky as her hometown, Chera-Lyn had previously held the titles of Miss Central Kentucky, Miss Fayette County, Miss Monticello, and Miss Southeast Kentucky. A double preliminary winner at Miss Kentucky, Chera-Lyn won talent preliminary at Miss America singing, \"When a Man Loves a Woman,\" and placed 4th runner-up to Miss America 1999. Other titles held include National Sweetheart, 1997, and National All American Teen 1992. Chera-Lyn was preliminary talent winner at Miss Kentucky in 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998.
Courtland is a station stop on the RTA light rail Green Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Courtland Boulevard, Manchester Road, Montgomery Road and Shaker Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with a small shelter on the westbound platform.
Eaton is a station stop on the RTA light rail Green Line in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located at the intersection of Eaton Road, Torrington Road and Shaker Boulevard in Shaker Heights. The station comprises two side platforms, the westbound platform east of the intersection, and the eastbound platform west of the intersection, with a small shelter on the westbound platform.
Belvoir is a station stop on the light rail Green Line of the RTA Rapid Transit in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. It is located in Shaker Heights in the wide landscaped median of Shaker Boulevard at the intersection of Belvoir Road on the north and Belvoir Oval on the south. Belvoir does not cross Shaker Boulevard. The station comprises two side platforms located below street level. Sloping sidewalks extend down to the station from each side of Shaker Boulevard. There is a small shelter on the westbound platform.
Jesse Rutherford, Jr. was born January 12, 1922 in Salmon, Idaho.
Eugene Morland Key was born at Conroe, Texas, October 5, 1916.
Frank Woodrow O\u2019Flaherty was born in Tonopah, Nevada, 26 February 1918.
Richard Wayne Suesens was born 30 April 1915 at Burlington, Iowa.
London Lewis Traw was (April 1, 1903-October 27, 1942) at Pocahontas, Arkansas.
Maurice Joseph Manuel was born April 29, 1917 at Mamou, Louisiana.
Doyle Clayton Barnes (5 April 1912 \u2013 c. 24 August 1942) was an American naval aviator during World War II.
Donald W. Evans, Jr. (July 23, 1943&ndash;January 27, 1967) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Glenn H. English, Jr. (April 23, 1940&ndash;September 7, 1970) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Edson was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Alberta represented in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1913 to 1986.
Diana-Maria Riva (born July 22, 1969) is an American actress. Riva was born Diana-Maria Uhlenbrock in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Maria (n\u00E9e Riva) and Christopher Uhlenbrock, a dentist. Riva made her acting debut in the short-lived 1996 television series Common Law. Additional television credits include guest appearances in Murder One, Party of Five, The X Files, NYPD Blue, The Drew Carey Show, Everybody Loves Raymond, ', and Less Than Perfect. Riva had recurring roles in Sabrina The Teenage Witch, The West Wing, and Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, and is a lead performer in the summer 2007 series Side Order of Life. Riva's feature film credits include What Women Want and Chasing Papi. She has also appeared as a celebrity guest on the Donny Osmond version of the game show Pyramid.
K'zell Wesson, correctly spelled K'Zell Wesson and pronounced Kay-Zell (born June 24, 1977 in Portland, Oregon) is an American professional basketball player. He is 6' 7.5\" (2.02 m) in height and he weighs 242 lbs. (110 kg) . He plays the position of power forward-center. He is currently playing for the pro club Besiktas Cola Turka.
Marine Tiltrotor Operational Test and Evaluation Squadron Twenty-Two (VMX-22) is a United States Marine Corps tiltrotor squadron consisting of MV-22 Osprey transport aircraft. The squadron, known as the \"Argonauts\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina. VMX-22 stood up in August 2003 and reports to the Commander, Operational Test and Evaluation Force (COMOPTEVFOR), who in turn reports test data and results to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Director Operational Test and Evaluation.
Harold John Mack was born 29 December in LeMars, Iowa.
Jeff Davis Woodson was born in Autman, Texas, on 10 June 1908.
Nicholas J. Cutinha (January 13, 1945 &ndash; March 2, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Tiny Software, a Silicon Valley -based software company founded in 1997. The company developed and marketed Tiny WinRoute -- a popular product later followed by Tiny Personal Firewall which was based on it.
Merrit Cecil Walton (December 18, 1915 &ndash; August 7, 1942) was born at Saint Paul, Minnesota and died a hero in battle at Gavutu in the Solomon Islands.
Robert Walter Rolf was born 26 August 1914 in Rock Island, Illinois. He attended Augustana College in his hometown before enlisting in the U.S. Naval Reserve at Chicago, Illinois, 5 August 1941.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded fifty-six candidates in the 2007 Manitoba provincial election, and won 19 seats to remain as the Official Opposition party in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 2007 Manitoba provincial election, and won 36 seats to form a third consecutive major government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
The Parma Panthers are an American football team based in Parma, Italy. The team was founded in 1980 by Vic Dasaro, an American veterinary student attending university in Parma. Dasaro created the team from an amalgam of power lifters from a local high school gym, ex-rugby players, other vet students, and a mixed bunch of soccer goalies, track and field athletes, and local kids who had seen football on the occasional tv broadcast and liked the helmet and shoulderpad look. In 2006, the team reached the Italian Super Bowl for the first time ever. In 2007, the team reached the XXVII Super Bowl, losing against the Bergamo Lions. American football teams in Italy are only allowed to have three Americans on their team, which usually are the quarterback, the running back, and the head coach.
Neldon Theo French was a soldier in the United States Marine Corps in World War II. He was born July 25, 1918 in Benton County, Tennessee. He enlisted in the Marine Corps on September 9, 1940, and was killed in action on October 9, 1942 in the Guadalcanal Campaign. Corporal French was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroism in fighting to his death in a defensive post on the Matanikau River, and shared in the Presidential Unit Citation awarded his division for its performance in the initial landings on Guadalcanal.
Thaddeus Parker was born on 13 November 1923 in Cross City, Florida.
The Green Party of Manitoba fielded six candidates in the 1999 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Robert M. La Prade was born August 4, 1916 at Kenedy, Texas.
The D\u00EDas Patrios, or Patriotic Days,(popular go check out poptropica) are national holidays celebrated in Guatemala commemorating its struggle for independence. These include: September 15: Independence Day October 20: Day of the 1944 Revolution
Jack Miller (2 April 1920 - 4 December 1942) was a United States Marine Corps officer who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions as one of Carlson's Raiders during the Battle of Guadalcanal in World War II.
Walter Carl Wann, Jr. was born at Goldendale, Washington, on 13 May 1921.
Bert C. Edmonds was born March 21, 1919 in Longmont, Colorado.
Durham West was a provincial electoral district in the Durham Region in Ontario, Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It contained the towns of Pickering and Ajax. The riding first existed from 1867 until 1926, when it was distributed into the Durham riding. When Durham was split back into Durham East and Durham West, as well as Durham North in 1975, the riding existed until 2003 when it was redistributed into Pickering\u2014Ajax\u2014Uxbridge and Whitby\u2014Ajax.
George A. Van Hoomissen (born 1930) is an American attorney in the state of Oregon, United States. He previously served as the 87th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court and served on the Oregon Court of Appeals. The Portland, Oregon native was also the district attorney for Multnomah County, Oregon, and served as a Democrat in the Oregon Legislature.
C-Note is a boy band from Orlando, Florida. The group scored success in 1999 with their debut album, Different Kind of Love.
Durham East was a provincial electoral district in the Durham Region in Ontario, Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It contained parts of the towns of Oshawa, Whitby, Scugog, and Newcastle. The riding first existed from 1867 to 1926, when it was distributed into the Durham riding. When Durham was split back into Durham East and Durham West, as well as Durham North in 1975, the riding existed until 1999 when it was redistributed into Durham, Whitby\u2014Ajax and Haliburton\u2014Kawartha Lakes\u2014Brock.
Robert Francis Daughters (August 5, 1914 - August 22, 1988) was a Major League Baseball player. Listed at 6' 2\", 185 lb. , Daughters batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. A Holy Cross College alumni, Daughters was a baseball player whose major league career, statistically speaking, was only slightly different than that of Red Bluhm, Eddie Gaedel, Moonlight Graham, or Jay Pike. His lone moment in the majors came on April 24, 1937 when he appeared in one single game as a pinch runner for the Boston Red Sox, scoring a run, but did not have fielding chances. Daughters also served as President of the Holy Cross Varsity Club between 1961 and 1962. He died in Southbury, Connecticut, just 17 days later of his 74th birthday.
Durham\u2014York was a provincial electoral district in northern Durham Region and York Region in Ontario, Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It contained the towns of East Gwillimbury, Newmarket, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge, Georgina and Brock. The riding was created in 1977 from parts of Durham North and Ontario South, and existed until 1999 when it was distributed into York North, Pickering\u2014Ajax\u2014Uxbridge and Haliburton\u2014Kawartha Lakes\u2014Brock.
Oliver Mitchell was born March 14, 1917 at Los Angeles, California. He was the son of Nicholas D. Mitchell and Margaret Ruth Green of Los Angeles. He was an aviator in the United States Marine Corps who was killed in action during the Battle of Guadalcanal in 1942. He would later have a United States Navy destroyer named in his honor.
Charles Arthur Tabberer was born on 18 December 1915 in Kansas City, Kansas.
The Boston Cecilia is a choral society in Boston, Massachusetts, which is in its 132nd season. Founded in 1876, the ensemble has enjoyed historic relationships with the Boston Symphony Orchestra and famous conductors and composers, such as Arthur Fiedler, Igor Stravinsky, and Antonin Dvorak. Today, the ensemble is led by Donald Teeters, is noted for its excellent historical-style performances, and specializes in the oratorios of George Frederic Handel as well as premieres by prominent Boston composers. In addition to its local performances, Cecilia has recorded two albums for the Newport Classic label, and one album for the label Naxos.
Chester Thomas O'Brien was born at Lyons, New York on August 1, 1897.
John William Haas was born June 14, 1907 in Sioux City, Iowa.
George Emerson Conklin was born in Hamlin, Pennsylvania, 3 January 1921.
McCoy Reynolds was born September 23, 1916 in Pippa Passes, Kentucky.
William Frank Seiverling, Jr. was born on September 22, 1920 at Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania.
Angus R. Goss was born 8 January 1910 at Tampa, Florida, The United States of America (USA).
George Francis Grady was born 28 April 1920 in New York City.
Charles E. Brannon was born 2 August 1919 in Montgomery, Alabama.
David P. Stief (born January 29, 1956 in Portland, Oregon, died May 28, 2000 in Corbett, Oregon) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Portland State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1978 NFL Draft. He died in 2000 of esophageal cancer.
Frederick Cushing Cross, Jr. was born 8 July 1917 in Lunenburg, Massachusetts.
William T. Hanna was born October 23, 1920 in New York City, New York.
Joseph Edward Connolly was born June 1, 1904 in New York City.
John Joseph Gilligan, Jr. , born June 17, 1923 at Newark, New Jersey.
Friendly Fire is a band located in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida that specializes in political rock, often incorporating themes discussing drug policy, foreign policy and other current events into classic rock format with a heavy focus on innovative uses of online media. The band performs live in the virtual world Second Life. They have released 2 self produced albums, A Rocket For Every Pocket and Left Right Uppercut, and is currently at work on their third album Cockeyed Optimist. The band was formed in 2004 by guitarist Casey Cook, bassist Kristine Cook, and drummer David Johns. In 2006 Johns left the band and was replaced by drummer Rolls Royce. In 2007 the band parted ways with Royce and has since worked as a duo, using programmed drums. The music is uptempo rock with am emphasis on hooks and harmony vocals. Lyrically the band uses sarcasm, irony, and double entendre to explore deeper themes of politics and personal liberty. The group is widely known for their 2008 hit single, \"Skeleton Boy\", which reached number 8 on the billboard charts in the USA. \"Skeleton Boy\" is also featured in NHL 2K10.
Richard L. Unis (b. ca. 1928) is an American attorney in the state of Oregon, United States. He was the 89th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Previously he was a judge for the city of Portland, a judge at the county level, and a state circuit court judge.
Ponoka was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Alberta represented in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1905 to 1986.
United States Marine Corps Aviation is the air component of the United States Marine Corps. Marine aviation has a very different mission and operation than its ground counterpart, and thus, has many of its own histories, traditions, terms, and procedures. All Marine aviation falls under the influence of the Deputy Commandant for Aviation, whose job is to advise the Commandant of the Marine Corps in all matters relating to aviation, especially acquisition of new assets, conversions of current aircraft, maintenance, operation, and command. The organic aviation capability of the Marine Corps is essential to its mission. The Corps operates both rotary-wing and fixed-wing aircraft mainly to provide transport and close air support to its ground forces. However, other aircraft types are also used in a variety of support and special-purpose roles. Today, Marine aviation is task organized to support the Marine Air-Ground Task Force, as the aviation combat element, by providing six functions: assault support, anti-aircraft warfare, offensive air support, electronic warfare, control of aircraft and missiles, and aerial reconnaissance.
Sureshot is an American Pop Group formed in 2007 on the Reality Television Show,, on VH1. The band consists of four members: Bryan Abrams Rich Cronin Chris Kirkpatrick Jeff Timmons The band had three songs on, they are Work That Out, Withoutcha and Story of My Life. Currently the band is touring talk shows promoting the show and band.
Thomas L. Shaw is a former American football quarterback.
The Beat Club is a mostly techno music group that was founded in the late '80s by Ony Rodriguez and Mirey Valls in Miami, Florida.
Francis Edward McLaughlin (June 19, 1856 in Lowell, Massachusetts \u2013 April 5, 1917 in Lowell, Massachusetts) was an infielder for Major League Baseball in the 19th century.
Ken Waddell (born March 29, 1948) is a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was the Mayor of Neepawa from 1998 to 2002, and sought the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba in 2006. He has also sought election to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba.
James Philip Chasse, Jr. (May 7, 1964 \u2013 September 17, 2006; last name pronounced \"cha-see\") was an American singer and writer. In 2006 his death while in the custody of Oregon law enforcement officers caused an outcry over civil rights and an examination of the lack of crisis management training given to Portland police officers.
Dean F. Bryson (1910 &ndash; 1995) was an American attorney in the state of Oregon, United States. He was the 77th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Previously he was a circuit court judge for Multnomah County, Oregon, a legislator in the Oregon House of Representatives, served in the Oregon Senate, and president of the state bar association.
Fly Upright Kite is an indie rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. Their debut EP, Every Breathing Moment, was named in the top 5 EPs of 2006 by AbsolutePunk. net. They were also included in AbsolutePunk's \"The Absolute 100\", a list of up-and-coming bands, in August 2007. They have finished recording their second release (and first full-length album) with Mike Poorman of Strangeways Recording, who has recorded bands such as Piebald and Paulson. The recordings are being mixed by Brian McTernan who has worked with bands such as Circa Survive, Moneen, and Texas is the Reason.
Jack Pennick (7 December 1895 &ndash; 16 August 1964) was an American film actor. After working as a gold miner as a young man, he appeared in over 140 films between 1926 and 1962. Pennick was a leading member of the informal John Ford Stock Company, appearing in dozens of the director's films. Pennick also drilled the military extras in John Wayne's The Alamo (1960). He was born in Portland, Oregon, the son of gold miner Albert R. and Bessie (Murray) Pennick. He and his first wife, Grechin, had two children by the time he was twenty. He had a third child with his second wife, Nona Lorraine. Pennick joined the United States Marine Corps and served with the Peking Legation Guard in China in 1912. He was with the Marines in World War I and reenlisted in the United States Navy in 1942, at the age of 46. He served as Chief Petty Officer under Commander John Ford in the Field Photographic Unit and, according to Ford, was decorated with the Silver Star medal for action in which he was wounded at Majaz al Bab, Tunisia during World War II. He died in Manhattan Beach, California at the age of 68.
Riley Carl Mattson is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Chicago Bears. He played college football at the University of Oregon and was drafted in the eleventh round of the 1961 NFL Draft.
John Joseph Miller is a former American football offensive and defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers.
Stephen Karari Larkin (born July 24, 1973 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball player and the younger brother of Barry Larkin. He played in only one game during his time with the Cincinnati Reds, batting against Jos\u00E9 Silva in a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates. He attended Moeller High School like his brother but spent most of his baseball career in the minors. In 1994, he was drafted in the 10th round by the Texas Rangers and began playing in the minors for the Low-A Hudson Valley Renegades, and then for the Single-A Charleston RiverDogs in 1995. He also played thirteen games for the Winston-Salem Warthogs that same year. In 1996, he played for the Single-A Charleston AlleyCats for half a season and again for the Winston-Salem Warthogs and stayed on with the latter for the 1997 season, as well. In 1998, he was called up from the minors, then playing for the Chattanooga Lookouts, for his game with the Cincinnati Reds. Stephen Larkin played first base, his brother Barry played shortstop, while fellow Reds Brett Boone played second base and his younger brother Aaron Boone played third base making the occasion the only time in baseball history that two sets of siblings were on the field at the same time. He spent the 1999 and 2000 seasons, the final years of his career, with the Lookouts.
Lycaste skinneri is a plant belonging to the orchid genus Lycaste and from moderate altitudes of Central America. Lycaste skinneri has pink flowers which can grow about 15 cm (6 in) wide, the flower stem for a single flower being up to 30 cm (12 in) tall. They flower mostly in late autumn or winter. The leaves are deciduous and grow to 75 cm (30 in) long. The plant has pseudobulbs up to 10 cm (4 in) long. Lycaste skinneri has a white variety (alba) which is the national flower of Guatemala, commonly known as Monja Blanca (White Nun). There is a hybrid Lycaste skinneri \u00D7 dowiana with flowers of pink sepals, white petals, and pale pink labellum.
Pete William Delkus (born September 4, 1965) is chief meteorologist at Belo-owned and ABC-affiliated WFAA-TV in Dallas, Texas, United States. Delkus joined WFAA-TV in June 2005. He has both the American Meteorological Society and the National Weather Association seals of approval. He attended Mississippi State University for his masters-level meteorology courses, and holds a Bachelors of Science in TV, Radio, and Film from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE). While at WFAA, he won Emmy Awards in 2006 and 2007 for \"Outstanding Weather Anchor\" and \"Best Host of a News Special\". From 1996 to 2005, Delkus was the chief meteorologist at WCPO-TV, the ABC affiliate in Cincinnati, Ohio. While his time there, he received a pair of first place Associated Press Awards for best regularly scheduled weather. Prior to joining WCPO-TV, Delkus worked as a meteorologist for four years at WFTV, the ABC affiliate in Orlando, Florida. Delkus also has a long history as an outstanding athlete. As an All-America pitcher, he had an all-star college career including a trip to the College World Series. He still holds several records as a pitcher at SIUE. Out of college, Delkus signed in 1987 with the Minnesota Twins organization. In 1988, while pitching for the Single A Kenosha, Wisconsin team, Delkus finished the season with 33 saves and a 0.26 ERA. The following year in Double A Orlando, Delkus played 140 innings and saved 10 games with a 1.87 ERA. Again Delkus enjoyed a successful career earning the \u201CMinnesota Twins Minor League Player of the Year\u201D and the Rolaids Relief Man awards. His career ended prematurely due to a serious elbow injury. In all, Delkus played professional baseball for 6 years with the Twins organization. Delkus currently lives in Plano, Texas with his wife and two children.
David Banks (born April 2, 1983 in Portland, Oregon) is an American boxer.
Edward Vincent Loustalot was a U.S. Army Rangers Lieutenant from Louisiana. He was killed in action on August 19, 1942, while participating in the Dieppe Raid and is considered the first American soldier to be killed by Germans on land in World War II. Fellow 1st Ranger Battalion members Lieutenant Joseph Randall and T-4 Howard Henry were the other two Americans who died at Dieppe. During the mission, Loustalot took command after the British Captain leading the assault was killed. He scaled a steep cliff with his men, was wounded three times, but was eventually cut down by enemy crossfire in his attempts to reach the machine gun nest at the top of the cliff. Frequently in accounts of the Dieppe Raid, Lt Loustalot has been incorrectly referred to as Edwin rather than Edward.
Jack Fearey (b. ? Portland, Oregon - died July 21, 2007) was an American director of the Seattle Center and a television pioneer in the Pacific Northwest. Fearey was best known for establishing two major Seattle civic festivals, the Bumbershoot and the Northwest Folklife Festival.
Lewis Henry Meakin (c. 1850 &ndash; 1917) was an American Impressionist landscape artist born in Newcastle, England, moving to Cincinnati, Ohio with his family in 1863. After studying art in Europe he returned to Cincinnati where he taught at the Cincinnati Art Academy. From 1911 to 1917 he served as curator at the Cincinnati Art Museum, where today some of his pieces are on exhibit.
Milan Crawford is an African-American man who accused Cincinnati law enforcement of police brutality following an incident in August 1996 which resulted in eighteen stitches, ten in one eye and eight in the other. The story was featured in the local newspapers, including the Cincinnati Enquirer, which provided a photograph of him taken on scene with his face covered in blood. Police said the injury was the result of Crawford resisting arrest and then having fallen face-first during a police chase. The officer who made the arrest, Timothy McGuffrey, had faced disciplinary action in 1995 for not reporting on his resume an incident from two years prior in which a black male in his custody was found to have broken ribs, among other injuries. Crawford was charged with resisting arrest and assault. The assault charge was ultimately dismissed by a grand jury, and he later defeated the charge of resisting arrest at a separate hearing. The police were not held to account for their actions.
Jean Baptiste Yeon (also known as John B. Yeon) (1865-1928) was a Canadian-born timber magnate who was a prominent citizen of Portland, Oregon, United States. He financed the construction of the Yeon Building in Portland. Yeon was one of the principal financiers of the Columbia River Highway. The John B. Yeon State Scenic Corridor was named for him. He was the father of Portland architect John Yeon.
Noah Keen is an American film and television actor. He has made many guest appearances television series such as The Twilight Zone, Perry Mason, The Eleventh Hour, Judd for the Defense, Bonanza, ', The Mod Squad, and The Rockford Files. Keen has also appeared in movies such as Battle for the Planet of the Apes and Disorganized Crime. Although he has been acting less frequently since the 1980's and as he approaches 80, he still makes occasional appearances such as a recent guest appearance on the episode \"Johnny Cakes\" of The Sopranos.
John Edward \u201CJack\u201D Chevigny (August 14, 1906 \u2013 February 19, 1945) was a star player for Coach Knute Rockne's Notre Dame Fighting Irish in the 1920s and later head football coach at the University of Texas. Part of the great legend of Notre Dame football was that Chevigny scored the winning touchdown against Army after Knute Rockne\u2019s famous \u201CWin One for the Gipper\u201D halftime speech, and that Chevigny said \u201CThat\u2019s one for the Gipper,\u201D as he crossed the goal with the winning score. Knute Rockne had related the details in an autobiography published in Collier's magazine in 1930. Actually, Chevigny scored the tying touchdown against Army, to even the score 6-6, and Johnny O'Brien ran for the 12-6 gamewinner, although both players were inspired by Rockne's speech Chevigny played for Notre Dame from 1926-1928 and later was an assistant coach under Rockne. After Rockne's death in 1931, the Hammond, Indiana native left Notre Dame and coached the Chicago Cardinals of the NFL to a 2-6-2 record in 1932. He left to become head coach at St. Edwards University (a sister school of Notre Dame) in Austin, Texas. So, when the University of Texas began looking for a new coach in 1934, Chevigny was conveniently in the same city. Chevigny\u2019s greatest moment came in just the second game of his career, when he directed a 7-6 victory over his alma mater, Notre Dame. The team finished the season at 7-2-1. His 1935 team didn't fare as well and Chevigny finished his Texas coaching career with a 13-14-2 record in three seasons, and was the only Texas head coach in history to have a losing record overall. Chevigny died as a United States Marine Corps first lieutenant in the battle of Iwo Jima during World War II. Another legend surrounding Chevigny is that, after the 1934 victory, he had been presented a fountain pen with the inscription \"To Jack Chevigny, a Notre Dame boy who beat Notre Dame,\" and that on September 2, 1945, the pen was discovered in the hands of one of the Japanese envoys on the U.S.S. Missouri; and that the inscription was changed to read, \"To Jack Chevigny, a Notre Dame boy who gave his life for his country in the spirit of old Notre Dame. \" The legend, which surfaced in conjunction with the 1945 anniversary of the 1928 game, has been a part of Notre Dame lore ever since.
Frank \"Magic\" Oleynick (born February 20, 1955 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a retired American basketball player. He played collegiately for Seattle University. He played for the US national team in the 1974 FIBA World Championship, winning the bronze medal. He was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 1st round (12th pick overall) of the 1975 NBA Draft. He played for the Sonics (1975-77) in the NBA for 102 games.
Bytemobile provides mobile internet software and services for operators of commercial wireless data networks. The company has offices throughout Europe, Asia and North America. Bytemobile\u2019s products enable network operators to deliver data, web and multimedia services to consumers on mass-market cellular phones, feature phones, smartphones, and laptop computers. The company\u2019s IP applications are integrated within a single architecture and platform installed in the core of the operator\u2019s network. As such, they adapt and optimize the delivery of content to all mobile devices to improve the user experience and reduce traffic. Bytemobile was founded in 2000 to optimize data applications on wireless networks designed for voice services. In 2001, the company completed three live network deployments of its core product, the Optimization and Services Node (OSN). Today, Bytemobile's customer base consists of 111 mobile network operators in 54 countries, serving more than one billion subscribers. A few of the company's customers are AT&amp;T, China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicom, KDDI, Orange, Sprint Nextel, T-Mobile, Telef\u00F3nica, Vodafone and WILLCOM. Bytemobile has global supply agreements with the world's largest telecommunications groups.
John Angus Campbell (born March 10, 1942 in Portland, Oregon, USA) is a retired American Professor of Rhetoric and is a Fellow of the Center for Science and Culture and of the International Society for Complexity, Information and Design, a professional society dedicated to the promotion of intelligent design. Campbell served as an Assistant and Associate Professor of Communications at the University of Washington from 1968-1995, and as a Professor of Communications at the University of Memphis from 1995 until his retirement in 2005. Together with Stephen C. Meyer (who is also a Fellow of the Center for Science and Culture) he edited Darwinism, Design and Public Education, a collection of articles from the journal Rhetoric and Public Affairs Campbell was slated to appear as a witness for the defense in the Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District trial, but withdrew on June 2, 2005, the day of his scheduled deposition. In 2007 Campbell ran for a seat on the school board in North Mason County, Washington, under the name of John Campbell. He offered his services to \"restore trust,\" and \"establish transparency\", but did not disclose his links to intelligent design. In a telephone interview he stated that he would not be dealing with curricula, and that he is a \"Darwinist\" who considers that debating Darwin can engage the interest of students and improve their skills in critical thinking. He was quoted as saying \"Rather than demonizing people that believe in ID, I think there are ways people could use their ideas to study Darwinism more closely. \" The election was held on November 6, 2007, and the unofficial results showed John Campbell defeating the incumbent Glenn Landram by 2,996 votes (68.06%) to 1,406 (31.94%), which was certified on November 27. He currently serves on the schoolboard.
Volterra Semiconductor, commonly known as \"Volterra,\" is a fabless semiconductor company that designs and manufactures mixed-signal integrated circuits used in power management applications. The company was founded in 1996 and has headquarters in Fremont, California, United States. Volterra became a public company via an initial public offering of its stock at $8.00 per share on July 29, 2004.
Nasty Savage was a thrash metal band originating from Florida, USA. The band rose to popularity primarily due to lead vocalist \"Nasty\" Ronnie Galetti's over-the-top stage show performances. After releasing four albums between 1983 and 1989 they broke up. There has been some speculation of a reformation which was heightened after an album of new material was released in the spring of 2004, but little has been heard from them since.
The Libertarian Party of Manitoba fielded six candidates in the 1995 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
The Progressive Party fielded six candidates in the 1988 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information on these candidates may be found on this page.
The Manitoba Liberal Party ran a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1988 provincial election, and elected twenty Members of the Legislative Assembly to become the Official Opposition party. Several of the party's candidates have their own biography pages. Information about others may be found on this page.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1986 provincial election, and won 26 seats to remain as the Official Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
nLayers is a company specializing in network discovery products; software designed to map the entirety of hosts, services, etc. that run on a given organization's network. Its primary product is \"nLayers InSight\".
Aleksi Lepist\u00F6 (born January 2, 1987) is a Finnish-American basketball player living in Helsinki, Finland. He weighs 175 pounds and is 6'3\" tall, and primarily a point guard, but also spends some time as a shooting guard.
Annette Olson was Miss North Dakota 2006 and a contestant in the Miss America 2007 pageant. Claiming the local title \u201CMiss Peace Garden,\u201D Olson promoted a platform for the early detection of breast and cervical cancers, which she titled the \u201CPower of Prevention. \u201D Prior to her crowning as Miss North Dakota, Olson was first runner-up in the 2005 Miss North Dakota pageant and competed in a national \u201CSweetheart\u201D contest. As Miss North Dakota she spoke to approximately 15,000 students in 80 schools.
Jeff Landau (born January 9, 1974) is a former American professional tennis player from Ridgefield, Connecticut. He was a four year starter on the Wake Forest University tennis team, where he won the 1994 United States Amateur Championships (Men's Tennis). The right-hander reached his highest singles ATP ranking of 1325 on August 10, 1998.
The father of three children, Blaise Thompson is the Family Coalition Party candidate for the riding of St. Paul's in midtown Toronto, Ontario. Born in Deep River, though he grew up in Sarnia, Blaise received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the St. Michael's College campus of the University of Toronto. Following graduation, he taught French, English, and Religion at Nicholson Catholic College, in Belleville from 1989 to 1997 when he lost the job after refusing to remove the newly-printed Catechism of the Catholic Church from a course reading list after the school principal decided it did not use \"inclusive\" language.. He still tutors students.
Dennis R. Bell (born June 2, 1951 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a retired American basketball player. He played collegiately for Drake University. He was selected by the New York Knicks in the 5th round (83rd pick overall) of the 1973 NBA Draft. He played for the Knicks (1973-76) in the NBA for 63 games.
Shoha has been pursuing a career in acting and in 2006 appeared in her first film as an Echo Company worker in the movie Annapolis (film).
Perfect Gentlemen were an American trio of teen R&amp;B vocalists formed under the direction of Maurice Starr, who discovered New Edition and New Kids on the Block. Starr put the group together in Boston in 1988, and had them tour the U. S opening for the New Kids. An album and a video followed, and the group scored a hit single with 1990's \"Ooh La La (I Can't Get Over You)\", which peaked at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #12 on the R&amp;B/Hip Hop charts. After the group's debut album, there were some member changes as Tyrone Sutton left the group, while Miles Wheeler and Stephen Reeves joined the group, making it a quartet. As a quartet the group released the album The Perfect Gentlemen in 1993, which featured the singles \"Don't Forget To Call\" and \"I Need You.\"
Jamie Ginn was Miss Delaware 2006 and competed in the Miss America 2007 competition which was won by Lauren Nelson of Oklahoma. Ginn, originally of Ocean View, New Jersey had competed previously in the Miss New Jersey competition. She was also the fourth runner-up in the 2006 National Sweetheart competition, held annually in Hoopeston, Illinois. Ginn was a runner-up during the reality television formatted special, \"Pageant School\", leading up to the Miss America competition. Ginn holds a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from Rowan University and works at DuPont. Jamie performed a jazz dance for her talent presentation. Her platform dealt with Crohn's Disease and Colitis.
Black Angus Steak and Seafood Restaurant was founded in 1964 by Stuart Anderson of Seattle, Washington. The restaurant chain is owned by Taurian, and is based in Los Altos, CA. The parent company of the chain filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on January 15, 2009 due to the current recession.
Murdoch MacKay (born 1930) is a lawyer and former politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was president of the New Democratic Party of Manitoba during the 1970s, and later joined the breakaway Progressive Party. His son-in-law, Paul Edwards, was leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party from 1993 to 1996.
The Libertarian Party of Manitoba ran six candidates in the 1999 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found on this page.
The Road Apples were an American pop rock group from Cambridge, Massachusetts. Their lead singer/guitarist was David Finnerty. The other band members were Flip Morse (lead guitar and vocals), Bard Richmond (bass guitar and vocals), Jean-Do Sifantus (drums), and Chuck Eisenhardt (the original keyboard player, later replaced by Wally Baier). The group charted two singles on the Billboard Top 100 in the mid-70's. Their first single 'Let's Live Together' sold nearly a half-million copies and rose to #35 on the Pop music chart. A followup release 'Holding On' b/w 'Good Lovin' Woman' also entered the top 100 and rose to #77. The Road Apples participated in the 'Partners of the Americas' program in 1976 and travelled to Colombia, S.A. where they performed numerous free concerts for the people of Medellin and Cartegena. Road Apples lead singer and principal songwriter Finn Finnerty later formed 'The Joneses' and released a CD (Atlantic 1990) including a rock cover of 'Let's Live Together'.
The Libertarian Party of Manitoba fielded six candidates in the 1988 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Cynthia Louise \"Cindy\" Brown is a retired American star basketball player, at the college, Olympic and professional levels. Brown was a member of the USA Basketball team which went on to win a gold medal at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1987, and the gold medal at the 1998 Olympics in Seoul.
Lisa Sigell, originally from Portland, Oregon, is a reporter and fill in anchor for KCBS-TV and KCAL-TV in Los Angeles, California since July 2002. She reports weeknights during primetime newscasts on KCAL-TV and for the 11 p.m. broadcast on KCBS-TV. She graduated from the University of Southern California and studied broadcast journalism at the Annenberg School for Communications. She previously worked as a reporter and anchor at WLTX, a CBS affiliate in Columbia, South Carolina and also at Cox Communications in Palos Verdes, California. While in Los Angeles, Lisa earned an Emmy award for Best Feature Reporter. In South Carolina, she won two regional Emmy awards for series and consumer reporting, as well as a regional Edward R. Murrow award.
Daintree Networks, Inc. is a a clean technology company that provides wireless control solutions for commercial buildings. Commercial building control and lighting control solutions can provide benefits including reduced energy consumption and carbon footprint, compliance with new \"green\" building regulations, and cost savings available through government rebates and the ability to take advantage of demand response programs. Daintree's Wireless Lighting Control Solution (WLCS) includes key elements of lighting controls including switches, sensors and ballasts to enable control deployed through easy and accurate commissioning, in a reliable and scalable system. Wireless communication is achieved either by wirelessly adapting traditional wired devices (such as sensors), or by building wireless communications capabilities directly into devices. Daintree has a strong background in wireless sensor and control mesh networking, with extensive knowledge and experience gained through its design verification and operational support tool, the Sensor Network Analyzer (SNA). The SNA provided support for a number of wireless embedded technologies including IEEE 802.15.4, ZigBee, ZigBee RF4CE, 6LoWPAN, JenNet, SimpliciTI, and Synkro. Founded in 2003, Daintree is headquartered in Mountain View, California with an R&amp;D lab in Melbourne, Australia.
Walter C. Wetzel (died April 3, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Matthew B. Brown (born 1964) is a Latter-day Saint author and historian whose emphasis is on the history and doctrine of Joseph Smith and his successors through Brigham Young.
Hudson Bay was a former territorial electoral district, that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislature from 1979 until 1991. It was Abolished in 1987 when it became part of the Baffin South electoral district. The riding covered the entire Hudson Bay and the main community in the riding was Sanikiluaq in the Belcher Islands.
Robert Oliver Douglas was born on January 25, 1932 to parents residing in Minnedosa. He is a farm leader and former Winnipeg City Councillor. Douglas joined the Manitoba Federation of Agriculture in 1956 as a youth director, and later became its executive secretary. He was a founding member of the Manitoba Farm Bureau in 1965, and served as its secretary manager for nineteen years until becoming general manager of the newly-created Keystone Agricultural Producers group in 1984. Douglas played a prominent role in establishing the Manitoba Agricultural Training Project in 1989. He was fired in 1993, after refusing to submit a letter of resignation. Douglas indicated that he was given no cause for the termination notice. He subsequently joined Manitoba Pool as a consultant. His political career began in 1982, when was elected to the Winnipeg City Council in a by-election for the Stevenson ward. He ran as an independent, and defeated a candidate of the centre-right Independent Citizens' Election Committee. He was re-elected in 1983, defeating New Democratic Party candidate Jim Maloway by a wide margin. Returned by acclamation in 1986, he was again re-elected for the restructured ward of Grants Mills-Stevenson in 1989. He did not seek re-election in 1992. On council, Douglas served as chairman of the Planning and Community Services Committee. Douglas ran for the Manitoba Liberal Party in the 1995 provincial election, and spoke in favour of single-desk marketing for hog producers during the campaign. He posed a credible challenge to Progressive Conservative incumbent Gerry McAlpine, but ultimately finished second. After the election, he suggested that Winnipeg should consider recapturing its diminishing tax base by expanding its borders outward. In 1998, Douglas was appointed to an advisory council of the Agri-food Research and Development Initiative. He was appointed to a six-year term on the Canadian Grain Commission for Manitoba in 2000. In 2004, he was nominated to the Manitoba Agricultural Hall of Fame.
The Family Coalition Party of Ontario ran 83 candidates in the Ontario provincial election, 2007.
Mercy is an American pop group from Florida. Mercy released a hit single \"Love (Can Make You Happy),\" which soared to #2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, and also peaked at #2 on the Adult Contemporary chart. \"Love (Can Make You Happy)\" was written by Jack Sigler, Jr. , and this single, which was released in April 1969, reached over one million sales on 15 July, and was awarded a gold record by the R.I.A.A. , but wasn't given the actual award until October of 2009. \"Love (Can Make You Happy)\" was originally recorded on the small Tampa Florida Sundi label [The Hit Version] (by the original members), at which time it was also featured in the movie, Fireball Jungle (The flip side of the Sundi single is entitled \"Fireball\". During the single's fast fame, an album was also released by a group calling themselves \"The Mercy\" that included the Sundi recording and several other songs that were not recorded by any of the original Mercy members. Litigation quickly ensued and this album was banned from distribution. The song was again on the Warner Brothers label . The Warner Brothers album entitled: Love peaked at #38 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart. Mercy had one other Billboard Hot 100 hit, the song \"Forever\", which reached #79 in June 1969. Jack Sigler, Jr. earned BMI's award recognizing over 2 million air plays. The band is still touring, with Jack Sigler, Jr. as the original lead vocalist and founder of the group and Mercy is getting ready to release their new EP on iTunes .
Mackenzie South is a former territorial electoral district, that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly in Canada. The electoral district covered the communities of Fort Smith, Hay River, Pine Point, Fort Resolution, Talston River, Snowdrift, Fort Reliance and Wynn's Sawmill.
Mackenzie West is a former territorial electoral district, that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly in Canada. The electoral district historically covered the communities of, Fort Liard, Fort Simpson, Fort Wrigley, Fort Norman, Fort Franklin, Norman Wells, Fort Good Hope, Arctic Red River, Aklavik, Reindeer Depot and Tuktoyaktuk. The electoral district was abolished on July 15, 1954.
Mackenzie North is a former territorial electoral district, that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly. Mackenzie North covered the communities of Yellowknife, Bathurst Inlet, Fort Providence, Fort Rae, Snare River, Outpost Island, Hottah Lake, Port Radium, Coppermine, Matthews Lake, Giauque Lake and Gros Cap.
Gustave Reininger is the co-creator of the NBC TV drama, Crime Story. It was executive produced by Michael Mann. Crime Story was based on the Mafia in Chicago,\"The Outfit,\" and how it got off the streets and into the boardrooms of Las Vegas casinos. The show premiered with a two hour pilot - movie, which had been exhibited theatrically, and was watched by over 30 million viewers. Crime Story then was scheduled to follow Miami Vice on Friday nights, and continued to attract a record number of viewers. Reininger was a former Wall Street international investment banker who had come to Mann's attention based on a screenplay he had written about arson investigators, and a French language thriller with Dennis Hopper that he had co-written and produced. Mann's agent somehow reached Reininger while he was traveling incognito in the Mayan Highlands of Guatemala, with a liberation theology catholic Bishop. Reininger researched Crime Story by winning the confidence of Detective William Hanhardt who put him in touch with undercover officers in the Chicago Police Department. They sent him on meetings with organized crime figures. Reininger risked wearing a body microphone and recorder. After visiting the crime scene of a gruesome gangland slaying of bookmaker Al Brown, Reininger backed off his Mafia interviews. In a June 1986 press conference, Mann said that the first season of the show would go from Chicago in 1963 to Las Vegas in 1980. He said, \"It's a serial in the sense that we have continuing stories, and in that sense the show is one big novel. \" Mann and Reininger's inspiration for the 1963-1980 arc came from their mutual admiration of the 15\u00BD hour television film, Berlin Alexanderplatz, by German director Rainer Werner Fassbinder'. Mann said, \"The pace of our story is like the speed of light compared to that, but that's the idea - if you put it all together at the end you've got one hell of a 22-hour movie. \" NBC chief Brando Tartikoff allowed the series to move to Las Vegas for the last quarter of the 22 episodes. The last episode is legendary as Ray Luca and Pauli Taglia are on the lam, hiding from Det. Mike Torello, in a Nevada desert shack, which is located in an Atomic Bomb test area. An A-Bomb explodes, presumably obliterating Luca and Taglia, in one of the most memorable cliffhangers in television history, leaving viewers wondering whether they were dead or alive, just as the show's creator were wondering if the series itself was dead or alive with NBC. Viewers were surprised to learn in the fall the series had returned to be permanently based in Las Vegas. The principal characters are based on the real life head of the Chicago anti-mob unit, Det. William Hanhardt and on Chicago mobster Anthony Spilotro. Reininger was subpoenaed to Spilotro's trial in Federal Court in Las Vegas as an unwilling material witness for Spilotro, who was alleging that the only way Reininger could have written scripts and the series \"Bible\" was by having access to Federal wiretaps of Spilotro. Reininger in turn discovered that his New York phones were being monitored. Reininger was served Spilotro's subpoena, and given a deadly warning, in a New York hotel bar by now infamous Hollywood private detective Anthony Pellicano, who in 2006 was imprisoned for illegal wiretapping, blackmail and harassment while representing notable entertainment figures. Spilotro returned home to Chicago and was brutally murdered along with his brother Michael, and buried in an Indiana cornfield. The case was dismissed, and Reininger, who had sent all his Crime Story work materials to a former banking associate in Zurich, Switzerland, did not have to testify. Subsequently, Martin Scorsese directed and produced his movie Casino loosely basing it on elements of Crime Story, which was recognized at the Casino premiere as an inspiration. Crime Story was the prototypes for today's arc-driven television series, such as 24 and The Sopranos that have continuing story lines over multiple episodes.
Jim Cyril Bolger (Born February 23, 1932 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball during the 1950s. Although Bolger played for the Reds, Indians, and Athletics, Bolger had over two-thirds of his major league playing time with the Chicago Cubs. In 1957 Bolger achieved his career-high batting average of .275, in 273 at bats. His career batting average was .229.
Virginwool was a rock band based out of Orlando, Florida originally known as Gumwrapper Curb. The band started in the early 90's when Rollins College students Gar Willard and Jordan Pouzzner put together an acoustic act known as Gumwrapper Curb. In 1995, bassist Adam Loewy and drummer Matthew McCauley joined the band to flesh out the sound. The self titled Gumwrapper Curb demo EP was released in 1996 and the band beginning playing shows.
The PASCAL Photocoagulator is an integrated semi-automatic pattern scan laser photocoagulation system designed to treat ocular diseases using a single shot or predetermined pattern array. The device is for ophthalmologists, particularly those that focus in vitreo-retinal surgery, a type of eye surgery. It is produced by OptiMedica, an ophthalmic medical device company located in Silicon Valley (Santa Clara, CA). OptiMedica manufactures a laser system for ocular diseases including diabetic retinopathy.
Antec, Inc. is an American-based maker of PC components and accessories. Antec's principal products are computer cases and power supplies. Antec also offers PC cooling products and notebook accessories. Founded in 1986, the company is headquartered in Fremont, California, U.S.A. , with additional offices in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Antec products are sold in over 40 countries.
Robert M. Viale (April 21, 1916 &ndash; February 5, 1945) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Viale joined the Army from Ukiah, California, and by February 5, 1945 was serving as a second lieutenant in Company K, 148th Infantry Regiment, 37th Infantry Division. On that day, during combat in Manila, capital of the Philippines, Viale smothered the blast of an accidentally dropped hand grenade with his body, sacrificing himself to protect the soldiers and civilians around him. For his actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor eight months later, on October 25, 1945. Viale, aged 28 at his death, was buried in Ocean View Cemetery, Eureka, California.
William H. Thomas (January 13, 1923 &ndash; April 22, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Kate Mann is an American musician currently based in Portland, Oregon. She is originally from the Sandia Mountains in New Mexico but moved west as a young adult to pursue a career in music.
Horace Marvin \"Buddy\" Thorne (September 29, 1918 &ndash; December 21, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
The Progressive Party of Manitoba fielded a number of candidates in the 1990 Manitoba provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Day G. Turner (September 2, 1921-February 8, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Captain Dan &amp; the Scurvy Crew is an electronic music group specializing in pirate-themed hip hop music.
John H. \"Jack\" Corcoran (May 15, 1858 &ndash; December 28, 1935), was an American catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Brooklyn Atlantics during the 1884 season. This was his only season in the Majors.
The Communist Party of Canada - Manitoba fielded six candidates in the 2007 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Byron G. Highland (February 8, 1934-February 21, 1967) was a United States Marine Corps combat photographer during the Vietnam War who was killed by a landmine alongside the war correspondent and historian Bernard B. Fall in 1967, leaving behind his wife, and two sons and a daughter from a previous marriage. The last few minutes which the two spent together are documented in Fall's posthumously published book \"Last Reflections on a War,\" via a tape recorder Fall was dictating into just prior to the explosion. Born in Detroit, Michigan, he entered the Marines in 1953, and also served in the Korean War. His eldest son, Kenneth E. Highland, later recorded a song with the punk band Johnny and the Jumper Cables, entitled \"Landmine,\" about his father's death.
Alfred L. Wilson (September 18, 1919 &ndash; November 8, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
The Downbeat 5 (not to be confused with Tommy Pollard's Downbeat Five) is a Boston-based rock band started in 1999 by former DMZ guitarist J. J. Rassler and his then-wife, Jen, (who originally used the stage name Ronny Rassler). The band's music draws on 1960s girl group sounds, garage rock, and rougher-edged British Invasion bands like The Rolling Stones. In 2003, the band made it as far as the semi-finals of the 25th annual WBCN Rock &amp; Roll Rumble. The following year, they placed in the finals of Little Steven's Underground Garage battle of the bands, with Little Steven remaining a strong supporter afterwards. In early 2003, D'Angora started a second band with Michelle Paulhus (ex-Decals) called The Dents. The Dents have more of a pop-punk sound than The Downbeat 5, with D'Angora and Paulhus sharing the songwriting and lead vocal duties. The band's most recent album, Smoke and Mirrors (released in early 2007), was recorded live in front of an audience in a recording studio.
Walter J. Will (died 1945) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Will joined the Army from West Winfield, New York, and by March 30, 1945 was serving as a first lieutenant in Company K, 18th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division. During a firefight on that day, near Eisern, Germany, he rescued three wounded men, single-handedly disabled two German machinegun nests and led his squad in the capture of two others, all despite his own injuries. Mortally wounded while leading a charge on the enemy, Will was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor seven months later, on October 17, 1945.
Sean Warfield Smith is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He played two seasons for the New England Patriots (1990-1991). He played collegiately for the Georgia Tech football team.
Taken from You (sometimes spelled Takenfromyou) was an indie rock/post-hardcore band from Pensacola, Florida that formed in 2001 and broke up in late 2005. With constantly revolving members, Taken From You's sound changed with almost every record put out. With the band's original line-up they played a light indie rock comparable to Hum or At the Drive-In. At that time the band members were stil in their late high school years and played mostly local shows. They quickly gained popularity but were still mostly isolated to the Pensacola scene. Friend, Jake Brown was running a small label at the time called Computer Club Records and put out the band's first two releases Dying for Change and We Sing the Body Electric (recorded by Chris Staples of Twothirtyeight and Discover America). Eventually singer/bassist Thomas Samuel left the band to pursue other musical interests and Eric Jernigan from local band Agnostia was recruited to fill the spot. Eric's presence drastically changed the sound more towards the post-hardcore direction the band was already headed. The music was a lot darker and most vocals were screamed instead of sung but they still held firm to an indie rock edge, rejecting the hardcore clich\u00E9s that were popular at the time. It was with Eric that That Fading Flower, His Glorious Beauty was written. This five-song EP was recorded with Jeremy Griffith (also in Moments in Grace) and released on Raise the Red Flag Records and the band finally began touring in support of it. Shortly after the first tour guitarist Jarrod Burris left the band and Eric moved to the guitar position. The rest of the band's time was spent with an array of bass players, never securing a permanent member. In November 2004, after tireless tours with nothing to show, the exhausted band called it quits. Three newer songs were written and recorded but the band wasn't pleased with how that recording came out so it was never released. Eric now plays in City of Ships. Michael now plays in A Planet That Eats Planets. Joshua played in Brothers and Sisters for a while, and now plays in A Planet That Eats Planets.
Fringe is an American science fiction television series co-created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci. The series follows a Federal Bureau of Investigation \"Fringe Division\" team based in Boston, Massachusetts under the supervision of Homeland Security. The team uses unorthodox \"fringe\" science and FBI investigative techniques to investigate \"the Pattern\", a series of unexplained, often ghastly occurrences that are happening all over the world. The show has been described as a hybrid of The X-Files, Altered States, The Twilight Zone, and Dark Angel. The series premiered in North America on September 9, 2008, on the Fox network. Fringe was part of a Fox initiative known as \"Remote-Free TV\". Episodes of Fringe were longer than standard dramas on current network television. The show ran with half the commercials during the first season, adding about six minutes to the show's runtime. When the show went to a commercial, a short bumper aired informing the viewer of roughly how much time commercials will consume before the program resumed. On October 1, 2008, Fringe's first season was extended to 22 episodes. This was then cut back to 20 episodes with the season finale airing May 12. The series was renewed for a second season. Season 2 premiered September 17, 2009. However, Fox's \"Remote-Free TV\" trial has not continued past the first season. On March 6, 2010, Entertainment Weekly and Variety reported that Fox TV has renewed Fringe for a third season. It was later reported that it will be a full season of 22 episodes.
Beau Parry is a former American football linebacker for the University of North Carolina Tar Heels from 1992-1996. Parry participated in the Peach Bowl, Gator Bowl and Sun Bowl during these years. He played high school football at Cincinnati Country Day School where he was All City, All State, All Region and All American as well as runner-up for Mr. Football Ohio in 1992. Parry lives and works in Cincinnati, Ohio. Beau Parry is a licensed Rescue Diver with PADI. Beau also hold a Real Estate license for the State of Ohio. Beau Parry works for Towne Properties, a real estate conglomerate, in Cincinnati, where he is partner in a subsidiary company, TowneScapes, (www. townescapes. net), an asphalt paving, repair and maintenance company, as well as high end customized stamped concrete products and large-lot commercial snow removal.
Ellis R. Weicht (April 17, 1916 &ndash; December 3, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Mint. com is a free web-based personal financial management service created by entrepreneur Aaron Patzer. Mint provides account aggregation through a deal with Yodlee. Mint's primary service allows for users to track bank, credit card, investment, and loan transactions and balances through a single user interface. Mint has garnered media coverage from a number of blogs and media outlets such as the New York Times, GigaOM, VentureBeat, the Orlando Sentinel, and the San Francisco Chronicle. The company is located in Mountain View, California. Mint currently only supports financial institutions based in the United States. On November 2, 2009, Intuit completed acquisition of Mint. com.
Gertrude Short (6 April 1902 &ndash; 31 July 1968) was an American film actress of the silent and early sound era. She appeared in 132 films between 1912 and 1945. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and died in Hollywood, California, aged 66.
Torche is a band from Miami, Florida, whose sound is often described as stoner metal, sludge metal or doom metal.
Howell Appling, Jr. (September 5, 1919 &ndash; October 16, 2002) was a businessman and politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He was a Republican.
Jay Owen Light is the ninth dean of the Harvard Business School. Light graduated from Cornell University with a degree in Engineering Physics in 1963 and was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. He obtained a doctorate from the Harvard Business School in 1970.
Robert T. Waugh (died May 19, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions during the Battle of Monte Cassino in World War II.
Fallz is a Miami-based pop band. Their music has been featured on MTV\u2019s Power Girls reality series, Tekademics\u2019 Mischief Invasion and Mischief Dynasty CD soundtracks, and Superverse\u2019s Zoom Suit comic promotions. In addition, Fallz has licensed music to Volkswagen and Digital Studios Group and provides music for many interactive media companies.
We the Kings are an American scene band from Bradenton, Florida, currently signed to record label S-Curve Records. We the Kings released a self-titled full-length album in 2007, which peaked at #151 on the Billboard 200. Their second full-length album, Smile Kid, was released in December 2009 and have since completed a variety of tours. We the Kings also sports their own miniature series of webisodes, called The King's Carriage, detailing life on their tour bus.
Andrew McAvoy, (born 1981 in Windsor, Ontario) is an entrepreneur, businessperson, Canadian politician and political organizer. He has been CEO of The Yovacm Group since 1993. McAvoy joined the Green Party of Ontario in 2005 and the Green Party of Canada in 2007. He was also the Green Party of Ontario's candidate in the provincial electoral district of Windsor-Tecumseh for the Ontario provincial election, 2007 held October 10, 2007. McAvoy garnered a significant increase in support over 2003 results and polled best among the area ridings for the Greens. In 2007, he was elected to the Green Party of Ontario Executive at the 2007 AGM for a two-year term ending in 2009. McAvoy was elected National Chair of the National Day of Celebration for the Anglican Church of Canada in 2001. He also served as a long-time member of the board of director for the Anglican Church of Canada. More recently, Mr. McAvoy was part of the Youth Ministry Leadership Team at Lakeshore St. Andrew\u2019s Presbyterian Church. McAvoy currently serves as Vice-Chair of the Windsor Public Library Board. McAvoy resides in Windsor, Ontario, with his wife Allison and son Oliver.
Carleton was the name of an electoral district that returned members to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1824 to 1974. Its boundaries were those of Carelton County and the number of members it returned varied over the years. It was abolished in the 1973 electoral redistribution when the province moved to single member districts; at the time it returned three members and it was split into three single member districts: Carleton North, Carleton Centre and Carleton South. During its time, three premiers represented the riding: James Kidd Flemming, Hugh John Flemming and Richard Hatfield.
Dick Albert was the co-chief meteorologist on WCVB-TV, channel 5, in Boston, Massachusetts along with Harvey Leonard. He was with the station from 1978-2009, delivering the evening and nighttime forecasts. He presented the 5:00 and 6:00 weather reports on NewsCenter 5, while Leonard worked on the 5:30 and 11:00 newscasts. On February 4, 2009, Albert announced his retirement. His final forecast was on February 26.
Joseph J. Sadowski (December 8, 1917 &ndash; September 14, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Daniel Anthony James is a former professional American football offensive lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1960 to 1966. He played college football at Ohio State University. Dan attended Elder High School and the Center was drafted with the eight pick in the first round of the 1959 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. He eventually played with the Pittsburgh Steelers and retired in the late 1960's. He then returned home to Cincinnati with his wife and children.
Toni Jo Abbenante Farmer from East Grand Rapids, Michigan, holds the title of Miss Michigan for 1967. While not winning the Miss America Pageant that year, Toni Jo was voted Miss Congeniality by her fellow contestants. References: Miss Michigan List of Miss Michigan title holders.
Samuel Brookner Gould (1910-1997) was an American educator prominent for promoting access to education through non-traditional means such as educational television, college teacher-mentor systems, and universities without walls. Positions he held include: the presidency of the Educational Broadcasting System (1962-64); the Chancellorship of the State University of New York (1964-70); and the chairman of the Carnegie Commission on Non-Traditional Study (1971-74). Samuel Gould was born in Shelton, Connecticut, on October 11, 1910. He attended Bates College in Maine, graduating in 1930. He then attended Oxford University briefly in 1931 but left due to financial difficulties. He next worked for New England Telephone and Telegraph until accepting a teaching position in English at William Hall High School in West Hartford, Connecticut (1932-38). From 1938 to 1947, Gould headed the department of speech at Brookline High School in Massachusetts while working on his Ph.D. at Harvard University. He had previously completed his M.A. at New York University. He served in the Navy as a Lt. Commander, PTD, during World War II. After the war, he helped establish Boston University's Communications Department and served as an assistant to the president from 1951 to 1953. In 1954, Gould became president of Antioch College in Ohio, a position he held until he was appointed Chancellor of the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1959. UCSB expanded its academic program under his leadership. In July 1962, Gould became president of the Educational Broadcasting System in New York with the flagship station, WNDT-TV, channel 13. In 1964, Gould was appointed chancellor of the State University of New York. During his administration, SUNY underwent its greatest physical and academic expansion and consolidation. Gould's vision for SUNY went beyond a desire to establish a traditional university system. He included in the university system new technologies such as television and non-traditional study opportunities such as those provided by the Empire State College teacher-mentor system. Under his tenure, the concept of granting academic credit for non-academic experience was initiated. In 1970, Gould retired from SUNY, became Chancellor Emeritus and served briefly as a director at McKinsey and Company. From 1971 to 1974, he served as the chairman of the Carnegie Commission on Non-Traditional Study which attempted to modify and set new goals for education. During the 1970s Gould worked periodically with the Venezuelan Ministry of Education in developing that nation's university system. He accompanied Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, a close personal friend, on his 1977 tour of Latin America. From 1976 to 1977, he served as interim chancellor for higher education for the State of Connecticut. He has also served as a trustee of the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association and on the Commission for Post-Secondary Educational Planning in Florida. Gould died on June 11, 1997.
Bonnie Root (born August 24, 1975) is an American actress. She is primarily known for her recurring guest role in the CBS series Cold Case as ADA Alexandra Thomas and for her role in the soap As The World Turns as serial killer Eve Coleman Browning. She has guest-starred on various other crime shows, including Without a Trace, ', and recently The Mentalist.
Bernard J. Ray (June 9, 1921 &ndash; November 17, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Hurtgen Forest.
Donald D. Pucket (died July 9, 1944) was a United States Army Air Forces officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Ernest W. Prussman (died September 8, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Soulidium is a American hard rock band formed in 2006. Formed in Tampa, Florida by frontman Michael McKnight, the band released their debut album, Children of Chaos in mid-2007. The band has toured &amp; played with groups like Sevendust, Alice in Chains, Limp Bizkit, Alter Bridge, Puddle of Mudd, Hell Yeah, Black Light Burns and Nonpoint. The band is currently working on their untitled sophomore album and is currently, signed to their own label Dark Knight Entertainment.
Batoche was a territorial electoral district in the Northwest Territories that existed from 1888 to 1905.
Thomas Francis Enright (1887&mdash;1917) was one of the first three American soldiers killed in action during World War I. Enright was born May 8, 1887 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of Irish immigrants. He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1909. He, along with Corporal James Bethel Gresham of Evansville, Indiana, and Private Merle David Hay of Glidden, Iowa, all serving in Company F, 16th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division (\u201CThe Big Red One\u201D), were the first Americans to die in combat during the First World War when on November 3, 1917, German troops trench raided their position near the village of Bathel\u00E9mont les Bauzemont in the Lorraine (region), east of Nancy. Two days later, Enright, Gresham, and Hay were buried near where they had died. An inscription marked their graves: \"Here lie the first soldiers of the illustrious Republic of the United States who fell on French soil for justice and liberty. \" On July 16, 1921 Enright was reburied in Pittsburgh with military honors. That day began with his casket lying in state at Soldiers and Sailors National Military Museum and Memorial located in the city's Oakland section. It then was placed on a gun caisson drawn by six horses and taken to St. Paul Cathedral for a memorial Mass celebrated by Hugh Charles Boyle, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Pittsburgh. From St. Paul's, a procession continued to St. Mary Cemetery in the city's Lawrenceville neighborhood. A wreath from General John J. Pershing was laid upon his grave.
John J. Pinder, Jr. , (June 6, 1912 &ndash; June 6, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Normandy.
George Peterson (died March 30, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
George J. Peters (died March 24, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II during Operation Varsity.
1st Prince was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1996. The district comprised the westernmost portion of Prince County. Communities in the district included Alberton and Tignish. When the provincial electoral districts were reorganized into conventional single-member districts in 1996, 1st Prince was replaced by the districts of Tignish-DeBlois, Alberton-Miminegash and West Point-Bloomfield.
2nd Prince was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the western central portion of Prince County, the portion which lay between Malpeque Bay and Egmont Bay.
4th Prince was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the easternmost portion of Prince County, except for the city of Summerside.
3rd Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the northeastern portion of Queens County.
4th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the southeastern portion of Queens County.
5th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district was also known as Charlottetown Common until 1939. Until 1966, the district comprised the entire city of Charlottetown. For that year's provincial election, the district was split, and 5th Queens comprised the eastern half of the city for the remainder of its existence. The western half of Charlottetown became the new district of 6th Queens.
6th Queens was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1966 to 1993. The district comprised the western half of the city of Charlottetown. Prior to 1966, the district was part of 5th Queens.
1st Kings was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the easternmost portion of Kings County.
2nd Kings was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the northwestern portion of Kings County.
3rd Kings was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the western central portion of Kings County.
4th Kings was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1993. The district comprised the southernmost portion of Kings County.
5th Prince was an electoral district in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, which elected two members to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1996. The district comprised the city of Summerside.
Chad Robert Upshaw (born June 23, 1984 in Southport, Connecticut) is an American football tight end for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at the University at Buffalo. Upshaw has also been a member of the Denver Broncos.
High River was a former single member territorial electoral district in Northwest Territories Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1894 until 1905.
West Calgary was a former single member electoral district that was mandated to return members to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1894 until it was abolished in 1905.
Victoria was a former single member territorial electoral district that was mandated to return a member to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1894 until the district was abolished in 1905.
Eye-Fi is a company based in Mountain View, California that produces SD memory cards and SDHC cards with wi-fi capabilities. Using an Eye-Fi card inside a camera, one can wirelessly and automatically upload digital photos to a local computer. Some models also allow for uploading photos to photo sharing, blogging and social networking sites such as Flickr, Picasa, Facebook and PhotoBucket; and some models also allow for uploading videos, both to a personal computer and to YouTube. Eye-Fi currently produces eight models of cards: \"Home\", \"Share\", \"Geo\", which hold 2 GB of memory. \"Home Video\", \"Share Video\", \"Explore Video\", and \"Pro\" hold 4 GB. The \"Pro X2\" holds 8GB of memory. \"Share\" versions allow uploading to various photo-sharing websites. The \"Share Video\" card allows uploading videos as well. The \"Pro\" adds RAW image support and peer-to-peer or ad-hoc networking. \"Pro X2\" adds class 6 read &amp; write speeds, 802.11n and a new feature named \"Endless Memory Mode\". Certain cards offer photo geotagging (WPS) through a relationship with Skyhook Wireless and hotspot access through a relationship with Wayport. The location is not locally recorded in conventional Exif coordinate form, but is inserted into Exif upon upload.
William E. Devlin is the author of We Crown Them All: An illustrated History of Danbury. William has lived in the Danbury area his entire life and is currently a history teacher at Darien High School where he is well known for his outstanding mustache. After receiving his master's degree in American cultural history and museum studies at UVM, and a bachelor's degree in history at Western Connecticut State University he went on to work at the Danbury Scott-Fanton Museum and Historical Society as a curatorial assistant. He later became the vice president of the Danbury Preservation Trust working as a historic resources consultant.
James Blackmore (February 2, 1821 &ndash; February 6, 1875) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1868\u20131869 and 1872\u20131875. Blackmore was born in 1821 in Washington County, Pennsylvania. His father was County Treasurer in 1855, and young Blackmore served as Chief Clerk. Mayor Blackmore was engaged in the lumber and coal business. The city expanded east and George Westinghouse began manufacture of the air brake in the Strip District during Mayor Blackmore's initial term. A new City Hall was completed on Smithfield Street and the city's southern boundaries were extended during Mayor Blackmore's second term. James Blackmore's last address was 167 Wylie Avenue. He died February 6, 1875, less than a week after finishing his term, and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
Alexander Hay (April 8, 1806 &ndash; November 5, 1882), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1842 to 1845.
William Jordan Howard (December 31, 1799 &ndash; October 2, 1862), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1845 to 1846. Howard was born in Wilmington, Delaware and went to Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield. He worked as a merchant. His business was destroyed in the Great Fire of April 10, 1845. The conflagration decimated one third of the city. Mayor Howard's administration was dedicated to helping Pittsburgh to rise from her ashes. Howard also served for many years as the President of The Board of Guardians of the Poor.
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 366 (HMH-366) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion heavy transport helicopters. The squadron, known as the \"Hammerheads\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. The squadron\u2019s tail code is \u201CHH. \u201D At their activation on September 30, 2008, they squadron had 130 Marines and 8 aircraft on-hand which will grow to more than 300 Marines and 16 aircraft in 2009.
William Kerr (September 15, 1809 &ndash; August 11, 1853), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1845 to 1847. William Kerr was born in St. Clair Township. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. He opened an office on Liberty Avenue in 1833, and was also was the owner of an Apothecary. During Mayor Kerr term as mayor as The Pennsylvania Railroad was founded, as well as Mercy Hospital. After his term in office, Dr. Kerr moved to Chartier's Township, which is presently the West End of Pittsburgh. There exists today a Kerr Street in the city neighborhood of Elliott. Dr. Kerr died in 1853 and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
Gabriel Adams (1790 \u2013 June 4, 1864) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1847 to 1849. Adams' administration witnessed the founding of the Joseph Horne Company and the beginnings of Organized Labor. Mayor Adams would later serve as an appointed Judge of the Court of Common Pleas. He died in Lower St. Clair Township. His burial location is unknown.
John Herron (Birth and death dates unknown), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1849 to 1850. John Herron was the son of Dr. Francis Herron, the well-known Presbyterian Minister. The Herron's were among the founding families of Pittsburgh. He captained the Duquesne Gray's in the Mexican War during the Siege of Veracruz. His war feats greatly enhanced his electability and President Zachary Taylor visited the city during Mayor Herron's term.
John B. Guthrie (July 28, 1807 &ndash; August 17, 1885), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1851 to 1853.
Robert M. Riddle (August 17, 1812 &ndash; December 18, 1858), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1853 to 1854. Robert M. Riddle was born in 1811, the son of Judge James Riddle. Robert Riddle was involved in the banking business in Philadelphia. He was the editor of the Commercial Journal, and served as Postmaster of Pittsburgh in 1841. Mayor Riddle was most instrumental in helping found the Republican Party. During Mayor Riddle's term, Pittsburgh's people suffered through the city's worst cholera epidemic. He died of inflammatory rheumatism in 1858. He is buried in Allegheny Cemetery beneath a columned marker.
Ferdinand E. Volz (1823 &ndash; May 14, 1876), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1854 to 1856. Volz was born in Pittsburgh in 1823. Volz serving as water assessor from 1847-1851. After Mayor Volz's term, he returned to his post as Water Assessor. In 1866, President Johnson appointed Volz as U.S. Collector of Revenue for Western Pennsylvania. He was also elected as Treasurer of the Allegheny Valley Railroad and served in that capacity until his death. Mr. Volz was an ardent Mason. He died in 1876 and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
William Bingham (1808 &ndash; September 15, 1873), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1856 to 1857. William Bingham was born in 1808 and for most of his life was involved in the transportation business. The Bingham Brothers Company was a prosperous firm in the freight delivery industry. The Republican Party was formed in Pittsburgh during Mayor Bingham's administration. Mayor Bingham died in 1873.
Henry A. Weaver (April 1, 1820 &ndash; September 26, 1890), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1857 to 1860. Henry Weaver was born in Freeport, Pennsylvania. His father was Benjamin Weaver, Sheriff of Allegheny County in 1840. Henry Weaver had been manager of the Madison Coal Company. He was a staunch Republican. The term of office was extended to two years while Weaver was in City Hall. President Abraham Lincoln appointed Weaver Collector of Internal Revenue for Western Pennsylvania. Weaver is said to have had a souvenir rail that Lincoln split. Later in life, Weaver was a real estate dealer. Weaver died at the St. James Hotel and is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
Benair C. Sawyer (October 18, 1822 &ndash; March 13, 1908), was the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1862 to 1864. This name is misspelled. The correct spelling for this historical person is Benair Clement Sawyer. His family was in the soap making business. While he was mayor the American Civil War's single worst civilian accident occurred when, on September 17, 1862, the Allegheny Arsenal exploded and claimed the lives of seventy-eight people. Most of the fatalities were young women. After his political career, the Panic of 1873 descimated Sawyer's assets, forcing him to move to Colorado. He would later prosper there from investments in the mining. He died in California.
James Lowry, Jr. (1820 &ndash; July 20, 1876), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1864 to 1866. Lowry was born in Scotland in 1820. He owned a foundry and was also a Coal merchant. The city's industries were all booming during Mayor Lowry's term. He would eventually be elected Coroner of Allegheny County. Lowry died in St. Louis. He is buried in Allegheny Cemetery.
Robert Liddell (1837 &ndash; December 2, 1893), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1878 to 1881. Robert Liddell was born in 1837 in England. He pursued the craft of beer making. During his administration, the Bureau of Water placed the Brilliant Pumping Facility into service. In 1878, Holy Ghost Fathers started a college on the Bluff which would become Duquesne University. City streets were electrified in 1879 and Alexander Graham Bell's telephone went into limited use in Pittsburgh. The city expanded west and south, annexing Mount Washington, Temperanceville and Birmingham. When Mayor Liddell left office, he was employed as a liquor dealer. Liddell died in 1893 and is buried in Union Dale Cemetery.
William J. O'Brien (1899 &ndash; July 7, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Saipan.
Panasas, Inc. , is a computer storage company based out of Fremont, California. It specializes in high-performance computing storage optimized for Linux clusters.
Kailynne Postel (born September 7, 1986 in Miami, Florida) is a pageant competitor and vocalist from Lexington, Kentucky who competed in the Miss America pageant in 2008.
David Michael Nugent (born October 27, 1977 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football defensive lineman for the New England Patriots and the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.
Liquid Engines is a software company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. It provides products to help corporations manage their taxes.
Boston Baroque, the oldest continuing period instrument orchestra in North America, was founded in 1973 by the American harpsichordist and conductor, Martin Pearlman, to present concerts of the Baroque and Classical repertoire on period instruments, drawing on the insights of the historical performance movement. The Boston Baroque professional chamber chorus was established as an integral part of the ensemble in 1981. With Mr. Pearlman as its music director, the ensemble presents an annual subscription concert series in Greater Boston, Massachusetts; has performed on tour in Carnegie Hall, Chicago's Shubert Theatre, Los Angeles's Disney Hall, and at the Ravinia and Tanglewood festivals; and has toured internationally. The orchestra, originally named \"Banchetto Musicale\", was renamed Boston Baroque in 1992, when Telarc Records, in its first commitment to a period-instrument orchestra, signed the ensemble to produce a series of recordings of major Baroque and Classical repertoire for international commercial distribution. As of 2007, there are eighteen recordings in the series, three of which have received Grammy nominations. These recordings are distributed in thirty countries worldwide and are broadcast on classical radio in North America, South America, Europe and Asia. Boston Baroque is the resident professional ensemble for Boston University's Historical Performance Program, where it is helping to train the next generation of period-instrument performers.
Azul Systems, Inc. , a privately held company, manufactures computer appliances for executing Java-based applications. Founded in March 2002, Azul Systems is headquartered in Mountain View, California, with offices in Slough, United Kingdom; Tokyo, Japan and Bangalore, India.
Mike Richardson (born June 29, 1950) is a writer, film producer and the founder of Dark Horse Comics, a comic book publication company based in Milwaukie, Oregon.
Kylie Williams is a beauty queen from Jasper, Florida who has competed in the Miss America pageant. After winning the Miss Tallahassee title Williams went on to compete in and win the Miss Florida 2007 pageant. Prior to this, she had competed in Miss Florida every year since 2003. Williams went on to represent Florida in the Miss America 2008 pageant, where she made the top fifteen and was first runner-up to the Quality of Life award. Williams also gained significant coverage on the reality show Miss America Reality Check as shown on TLC. Williams was Valedictorian of her high school and a Summa Cum Laude graduate of North Florida Community College. Williams is currently attending Florida State University, and she is a member of the Alpha Delta Pi sorority. She was born on July 22, 1983 In 2007, the Florida Department of Veteran Affairs named Williams \"Official Ambassador for Veterans' Advocacy\". Williams now travels the state of Florida fighting for veterans' rights, educating veterans on how to gain access to their benefits, and visiting veterans in VA hospitals and homes. Williams experienced a flight in an F-15 and visited the troops at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba during the 2007 Christmas holidays. Motto: \"Fighting for those that fight for me\".
The Almighty RSO was a hip hop group from Boston, Massachusetts. RSO stands for Rock Shit On or Real Strong Organization. Members included MCs E-Devious (later known as Antonio Twice Thou) (Marco Antonio Ennis), Ray Dog (later known as Benzino) (Ray Scott), Tony Rhome, Orange Man and DJ Deff Jeff. Former member Rock was murdered in 1991.
Joseph E. Muller (died May 16, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II during the Battle of Okinawa. Muller joined the Army from New York City and by May 15, 1945 was serving as a Sergeant in Company B, 305th Infantry Regiment, 77th Infantry Division. On that day, during a battle for a ridge near Ishimmi on Okinawa in the Ryukyu Islands, he exposed himself to enemy fire and charged the Japanese positions alone. The next morning, when Japanese soldiers made an attempt to re-take the ridge, Muller again charged and routed them. When one one of the Japanese soldiers threw a hand grenade into his foxhole, he threw himself onto the device to protect two of his comrades. He died in the resulting explosion and, on July 17, 1946, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Muller was buried at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Battleford was a territorial electoral district mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories. The electoral district came into existence with the passage of the North-West Representation Act in 1888 and was abolished in 1905 when Alberta and Saskatchewan were created.
Kinistino was a former territorial electoral district in Northwest Territories, Canada. The electoral district was mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from its creation in 1888 until it was abolished when Alberta and Saskatchewan were created in 1905. The district was created as part of the North-West Representation Act when it passed through the Parliament of Canada in 1888.
Medicine Hat was a former territorial electoral district in Northwest Territories, Canada. The electoral district was created with the passage of the North-West Representation Act of 1888. The primary population center and the districts name sake was the city of Medicine Hat. The district was abolished in 1905 with the creation of Saskatchewan and Alberta.
Moosomin was a territorial electoral district in Northwest Territories, Canada that came into existence by Royal Proclamation in 1885 and was abolished when Alberta and Saskatchewan were created in 1905.
Major Stars is a critically-acclaimed American psychedelic rock band from greater Boston, Massachusetts, USA. In 2002, they toured with Acid Mothers Temple as an opening act and performed at the South by Southwest Festival in Austin, Texas. On April 28, 2007 Major Stars was the first concert of New York City's WFMU Free Music Series. Previously, on May 9, 2006, Major Stars had performed live in the WFMU studio. In 2003, Major Stars released Live In Europa, a limited edition split LP with Comets on Fire. In 2005 and 2006, the band performed at North East Sticks Together.
In the United States Marine Corps, the aviation combat element or air combat element (ACE) is the air arm of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force. It provides rotary-wing, tiltrotor, and fixed-wing aircraft, support equipment, pilots, maintenance personnel, as well as command and control assets to the commander.
Andrew P. Iosue is a retired United States Air Force four star general who served as Commander, Air Training Command (COMATC) from 1983 to 1986.
Susan Buckner is an American film and television actress. Prior to her acting career she was crowned Miss Washington in 1971 and in September went on to become a Miss America top ten finalist (she tied for first in the swimsuit preliminary), eventually losing to Miss Ohio, Laurel Lea Schaefer. Her acting career is sprinkled with supporting roles in television, stage and film. Susan is probably best remembered for her role as high school cheerleader \"Patty Simcox\" in the summer blockbuster of 1978 Grease starring Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta. She also appeared as one of The Krofftettes who performed synchronized swimming routines on The Brady Bunch Variety Hour. The most recent appearance of Buckner was on an episode of 1 vs 100 as a mob member. Other Buckner acting roles include: \"Janice\" in Return Engagement 1978 with Elizabeth Taylor \"George Fayne\" on the TV show The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries 1978 \"Lucy Davis\" on the short-lived TV show When the Whistle Blows 1980 \"Vicky Anderson\" in Deadly Blessing 1981 with Sharon Stone
Kristine Carlson is an American author living in California. A graduate of Pepperdine University, she is internationally known as the wife of, and co-author with the late Dr. Richard Carlson of the Don\u2019t Sweat the Small Stuff\u2026and it\u2019s all Small Stuff series, and author of National Bestsellers, Don\u2019t Sweat the Small Stuff in Love and Don\u2019t Sweat the Small Stuff for Women. She served on the Board of Directors and the Global Leadership Council for Challenge Day. Her newest best-selling book, written with her late husband and released in December 2007, is An Hour to Live, an Hour to Love, and is based on an extended love letter written to her by her husband. Richard Carlson died at 45. Having taken the opportunity to express his love for her in such a form has brought this book to the public's attention by Oprah Winfrey in a special show on December 5, 2007 about losing someone you love. In addition to numerous appearances on The Oprah Winfrey Show, Kristine has appeared on other national talk shows, such as The Today Show and The View and local news and talk shows, such as CBS in San Francisco.
Tottenville is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Tottenville, Staten Island, New York. Located near Main Street and Arthur Kill Road, it is the southern terminus on the main line and the southermost railway station in New York State. This is a grade level station with an island platform. There are three tracks next to the east pocket track that are used for storing trains. The south end is accessible by handicapped persons and it is in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, having a ramp to Bentley Street and a tiny parking area. The 1930s head house is used by SIRTOA employees only. The roadway leads to the end of Arthur Kill Road. The north end is accessible via passageway and overpass, south to Main Street, and north to Ellis Street. The station color is orange. The disappearing remains of the old slip for the ferry to Perth Amboy, New Jersey still stand nearby at the end of Bentley Street, which is now a dead-end street blocked by a Jersey barrier. During rush hours, this station is served only by express trains from St George. Local trains terminate at Great Kills A train derailed at this station on December 26, 2008 at 6:27 A.M. The train was pulling into the station to accept passengers for a rush hour run to St. George when it ran into the \"bumper block\" and subsequently derailed. No passengers were on the train at the time of the incident. The Staten Island Advance reported that the incident is under investigation.
Atlantic is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Tottenville, Staten Island, New York. Located roughly at Fisher Avenue and Arthur Kill Road on the main line, it is at grade level with side platforms that can only hold one car. Unlike most short platforms where the first car(s) of the train platform, at Atlantic, the last car only platforms. Access to the northbound platform is via a short dead-end street off of Arthur Kill Road between Fisher and Wood Avenues, while the southbound platform is reached from an entrance on Ellis Street. An overpass links both platforms. One can see the original, pre-1990s SIRT station components on this line... steel corrugated walls, overpasses and original 4-foot (1.2 m)-high station pipe railings with faded signs. The station gets its name from the former Atlantic Terra Cotta factory, which was located near the station. This, and the Nassau station, are expected to be replaced by a new ADA-compliant stop, to be called Arthur Kill Road, which lies between the two stations. The unrenovated Atlantic and Nassau stations are the only visual remains of a time when the SIRT built new platforms in the 1960\u2019s during a multi-phase grade elimination project farther north, but without adding new canopies or shelters at these stops.
Nassau is a Staten Island Railway station located roughly between the neighborhoods of Tottenville (on the south) and Charleston (on the north), in Staten Island, New York. In the St. George bound direction it is located at Bethel Avenue and Saint Andrews Place. In the Tottenville bound direction it is at the end of Nassau place. This station contains two four-car length side platforms with an overpass and exits at the south end. The staircase to St. Andrews Place on the east side has no canopy. An abandoned siding sits next to the southbound platform, which used to serve the Nassau Smelting &amp; Refining Company, for which the station was originally named. The factory opened in 1882 as the Tottenville Copper Works and changed its name in 1931 to the Nassau Smelting &amp; Refining Company. As a subsidiary of Bell System's Western Electric division, the factory recycled obsolete telephone equipment and manufactured copper wire and solder. For more than 20 years the site was a vacant brownfield, until 2007, when the land was cleaned up and is now environmentally safe for future development. West of the station is all vacant land.
Richmond Valley is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Richmond Valley, Staten Island, New York. Located at Richmond Valley Road and Amboy Road on the main line, the station is a mixture of open cut (below grade level) at the north end and grade level at the south end. There are two side platforms and the station is orange color with the south overpass appearing to be an addition during a renovation. The north exit leads to Richmond Valley Road while the south exit leads to Amboy Road. Because of the short platform, only the first 3 cars in the direction of the train traveling can be platformed here. A grade crossing at Richmond Valley Road was removed in 1940. The Tottenville-bound track has a non-electrified spur that once ran all the way to the Arthur Kill. The spur was built in the mid 1920s and dubbed by the B&amp;O as the West Shore Line. The B&amp;O delivered building materials to the Outerbridge Crossing construction site near the Kill. There was also a small industry on the spur known as Roselli Bros. The track remains intact today all the way to Page Avenue. The switch at the spur is well kept and working.
Pleasant Plains is an elevated Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Pleasant Plains, Staten Island, New York. Located at Penton Street and Amboy Road on the main line, it has two side platforms and orange canopies. The north exit leads to Amboy Road via a 75-foot (23 m) long passage and steps. Parts of the old northbound platforms are visible and can be viewed from either side at the north end of this station; wooden boards and concrete are evidence of this. North of the station is another set of crossovers and the right-of-way of a spur that formerly served the Mount Loretto orphanage. The B&amp;O served the Mt. Loretto non-electrified branch until 1950, which had some industry and a passenger station. The Mt. Loretto branch track was removed in the 1960s and 1970s but some ties were visible until the 1980s. A coal dump trestle is all that remains, located behind the powerhouse. On February 27, 2009 a man was struck by a train at Pleasant Plains station and died at 6:45 AM eastern time.
Prince's Bay is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Prince's Bay, Staten Island, New York. It is located near Seguine Avenue and Amboy Road on the main line. It is below grade with side platforms, green canopies, and walls of steel and concrete. The only exit is at the south end and there is no stationhouse. Maps do not show the station name with apostrophe while the station signs do. The latter is the historically correct (and official) name. This station was the last all-timber platform on the line before being replaced in the early 1990s.
Huguenot is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Huguenot, Staten Island, New York. It is located on an open cut at Huguenot Avenue on the main line. It has two side platforms, exit stairs at the south end, and a brick stationhouse built in 1939 on street level. There is a steel and concrete canopy over the platforms at the stairs and an additional canopy is located about halfway down the northbound platform, features used as part of SIR station upgrades and platform extensions in the 1990s. A north end pedestrian overpass was removed years ago. The MTA runs a park &amp; ride lot at the station. Some morning rush hour local trains originate here as a set of crossovers are provided for this service south of the station. A spur used for ballast trains branches off the southbound track across Huguenot Avenue from the station entrance. This stop provides access to nearby Tottenville High School.
Annadale is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Annadale, Staten Island, New York. It is located in a shallow open cut at Annadale Road and Sneden Avenue on the main line. It has two side platforms and light orange color walls and tiles. Rebuilt in 1939, and again in the 1990s as part of an SIR-wide upgrade/platform lengthening project, the north end has a street-level brick stationhouse, while the south end, next to Belfield Avenue, has an overpass and stairs to each platform. On the northbound side only there is a second set of stairs that leads to an adjacent parking lot (run by the MTA as a park &amp; ride facility) near Tenafly Avenue.
Great Kills is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Great Kills, Staten Island, New York. It is located on an open cut southwest of Giffords Lane and Amboy Road on the main line. It has two side platforms and turquoise blue canopies and walls. This station is handicapped-accessible in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act via a pair of long ramps. In addition, there are stairs and an overpass leading to Brower Court and Nelson Avenue. The Great Kills Veterans Memorial is outside the entrance on the northbound side. The north end at Giffords Lane has the standard SIRT steet-level stationhouse, and staircases leading to a heavily-used commercial district. Peak direction afternoon rush hour express trains from St. George end their non-stop runs at this station. Local trains operating in the peak direction begin or end their runs here. New crossovers were installed in 1997 south of the platforms. The remains of a spur are visible in this area. The New York City Department of Transportation operates a park and ride lot at the station.
Bay Terrace is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Bay Terrace, Staten Island, New York. It is located on an embankment at Bay Terrace and South Railroad Avenue on the main line. It has an island platform and exits are located at both ends. The north exit leads to Justin Avenue while the south exit leads to Bay Terrace. Both ends have a street-level underpass, but the one at the south end is pedestrian-only while the north end is for both pedestrians and vehicles. The south end has greenery outside both sides of the underpass. This greenery is maintained by the New York City Parks Department as part of the popular Greenstreets project of beautifying streets and landscapes with gardens maintained by Department employees. During a recent renovation, the glass windows and exterior staircases were refurbisheded at both ends.
New Dorp is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of New Dorp, Staten Island, New York. It is located on an open cut at New Dorp Lane and Railroad Avenue on the main line. It has two side platforms and orange colored walls and railings. The northbound platform has a 20-foot (6.1 m) high concrete wall, while the sountbound platform has a hill. The north exit leads to New Dorp Lane where the stationhouse is located, while the south exit leads to Rose Avenue. The south side is the only exit location where both staircases are not aligned together on one side of the street. The staircase to the northbound platform starts on the south side of Rose Avenue while the staircase to the southbound platform starts on the north side. The former stationhouse that was in use until the 1965 grade crossing elimination was moved to Historic Richmond Town, located at the three-way loop intersection of Arthur Kill, Richmond Road and Richmond Hill Road. Express trains begin and end the express section of their run at New Dorp in the morning rush hour.
Grant City is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Grant City, Staten Island, New York. It is located on an open cut at Lincoln Avenue and Railroad Avenue on the main line. It has two side platforms and aqua green walls. There are two exits; the main exit at the south end leads to Lincoln Avenue and has brick a stationhouse on street level. There are no benches inside the stationhouse. The secondary exit at the middle of this station leads to Fremont Avenue on both sides and utilizes an overpass to connect both platforms.
Clifton is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Clifton, Staten Island, New York. It is located at Norwood Avenue and Bay Street on the main line. It is located on an embankment with side platforms and beige canopies. The north end has exits on both platforms that lead to Bay Street. The southbound platform has winding stairs to Townsend Avenue while the northbound platform has stairs under the right-of-way to Midwood Avenue. The northbound platform also has a second staircase on Bay and Edgewater Streets, which is not present on the southbound side. On Bay Street (sidewalk level) and facing the platform above, are remains of the original steps up to the old station platform, which became inaccessible when the platforms were extended in the 1990s. On the southbound side there is a station house on the outside, but only a shelter on the platform. Some of the boarded up windows and layout of the brick shelter suggest that it was originally a station house. The SIR Clifton Yard is next to the northbound track, with yard leads and signals north of Clifton station. South of the station are the remains of the South Beach Branch turnout and a dismantled bridge. To the south, a spur on a pair of I-beams on concrete pillars is the location of an old coal, concrete, and lumber business. At Clifton the SIR main line turns southward to Tottenville, and it no longer runs along the harbor front.
Stapleton is an elevated Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Stapleton, Staten Island, New York, located at Cebra Avenue and Bay Street on the main line. It contains an island platform. The north end has an exit to Prospect Street and a New York City Department of Transportation Park and Ride facility to the west side of the right-of-way (next to Bay Street). The south end exits to Water Street and Bay Street. South of the station, yard tracks can be seen entering the line on the Saint George-bound side. This is the connection to the Clifton shops, and where the railway cars are moved to and from the New York City Transit Authority system by truck.
Tompkinsville is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Tompkinsville, Staten Island, New York, located at Victory Boulevard and Bay Street on the main line. It is located at grade with an island platform, but all staircases go up for overpasses at both ends. The north entrance leads to Victory Boulevard and Bay Street and there is a parking lot adjacent to the southbound track. The south entrance leads to Hannah Street and there is a third track adjacent to the southbound track on that side. It is part of a Maintenance of Way shop, with barns on both sides of this line and located south of this station. Because many passengers used to exit at Tompkinsville, most likely to avoid paying the fare at St. George, the SIR installed turnstiles and a stationhouse at the Victory Boulevard entrance in 2008-2009. After it was completed on January 20, 2010, customers now enter at the Victory Boulevard entrance and pay the fare. The Hannah Street entrance will be used only for emergencies.
Saint George is a Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Saint George, Staten Island, New York. Located at the Staten Island Ferry Terminal Building on the lower level, it is the northern terminus on the main line. It is also one of two stations that requires the US$2.25 fare on entry and exit. This station is handicapped accessible and it is compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act. This station is open cut with a four-lane bus terminal and parking lot above it. The station has five active platforms and ten tracks, numbered 1 through 10 from east to west. There is also a sixth platform to the west that is a passageway to the North Municipal Parking Field on Richmond Terrace, and towards Richmond County Bank Ballpark, one of two access points to this station. The track ballast is present through this construction zone. The mezzanine area has separate fare control areas, east side for entering passengers, and west side for exiting. Station booths and MetroCard vending machines are located on both sides. Just before each platform bay are the old destination indicators to the left and right of each platform entrance, corresponding to each departing track. There are green bulbs above these displays that indicate where the next train will be leaving from. This station originally opened with nothing overhead, no bus bays, no ramps. It was the site of a 1949 fire that nearly destroyed the terminal.
A modex is a three-digit serial number used for United States Navy and United States Marine Corps aircraft.
Patrick Ferrucci (born March 30, 1979, in Framingham, Massachusetts) is an American journalist, who often focuses on pop culture. He was raised in suburban Boston, Massachusetts and graduated from Providence College in 2001. After college, he earned a masters degree in journalism from Emerson College. Ferrucci is currently the entertainment editor at the New Haven Register in New Haven, Connecticut, where he is the music critic and edits the paper's Weekend section. He writes a weekly column that appears each Friday titled \"Clearing the Desk. \" He keeps a blog, Blog Like An Egyptian, on the paper's Web site. Before working in New Haven, Ferrucci was employed as an editor and music columnist at the Norwich Bulletin in Norwich, Connecticut, and freelanced for various music magazines. His articles and reviews frequently employ humor and exhibit frank opinions. Ferrucci is probably best known for a 2005 Aprils Fools' Day joke. In his column, he wrote that Bruce Springsteen would play the soon to be demolished New Haven Coliseum. As a result, members of the community started a petition to get him fired. The following week, he admitted the joke.
John Shea (born February 10, 1964 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is an American playwright. Known for his dark and humorous dramas, Shea has been likened to Ernest Hemingway.
Michael \"Mike\" Skerry (1908-1989) was a Massachusetts legislator; he served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for six terms, from 1941-1957, and was the speaker from 1955 to 1958. Skerry served as delegate from the 8th District of Middlesex County to the Democratic National Convention from Massachusetts in 1944 and again in 1956. Michael Skerry began his political career in 1936 when he was elected to the Medford Board of Aldermen, representing Ward 1 for four years. After leaving the Massachusetts Legislature, Skerry served as clerk of the Malden District Court from 1957 to 1978. Michael Skerry died on September 30, 1989. The personal papers of Michael Skerry which document his career in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1955-1959 are contained in the John F. Kennedy Library National Archives and Records Administration, Boston Massachusetts.
Edward William \"Eddie\" Kolb (July 20, 1880 &ndash; October 1, 1949) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher from Cincinnati, Ohio, who pitched one game for the 1899 Cleveland Spiders. The Spiders that season were a horrible team, compiling a historically low win/loss record of 20-134. To finish off the season, the team ended with a 35 game road trip, losing 40 of their last 41 games. It was on the last game of the schedule, on October 15, that the team allowed a clerk at a local tobacco shop to pitch a game in exchange for a box of cigars. In that game, he pitched a complete game, giving up 18 hits, and 19 runs, 9 of which were earned. He did, however, did get one hit in four at bats. After the Cleveland Spiders folded after the season, and Eddie's short career came to end, he continued his enthusiastic involvement in baseball, playing and managing in several semi-professional leagues, spending his winters in Florida. At one point, he attempted to purchase the Montreal team of the New England League in 1908, which turned out to be unsuccessful. Having spent more than 15 years in baseball, he settled in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and ran a successful restaurant. He ran his restaurant for 22 years until he became heavily involved in the development of an oil field in Turner Valley. It was this involvement that eventually saw him named as the first secretary of the Alberta Petroleum Association, which became the Western Canada Petroleum Association. Eddie died at the age of 69 in Calgary, and was cremated.
Canaan Partners (or Canaan) is a global venture capital firm focusing on investments in early stage companies in the technology and healthcare sectors. The firm's technology group focuses on digital media, communications, enterprise software, semiconductors, and cleantech. The healthcare group focuses on biopharmaceuticals, devices, and diagnostics. Founded in 1987, the firm has offices in Menlo Park, California; Westport, Connecticut; Gurgaon, India; and Herzliya, Israel. Since inception, Canaan has raised eight funds to date and as of 2009 manages $3 billion in capital.
Richard Fiske (November 20, 1915 - August 10, 1944) was an American film actor. He appeared in over 80 films between 1938 and 1942.
John W. Minick (June 14, 1908 &ndash; November 21, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions during the Battle of Hurtgen Forest in World War II. Minick joined the Army from Carlisle, Pennsylvania, and by November 21, 1944 was serving as a Staff Sergeant in Company I, 121st Infantry Regiment, 8th Infantry Division. On that day, near Hurtgen, Germany, Minick voluntarily led a small group of men through a minefield, single-handedly silenced two enemy machine gun emplacements, and engaged a company-sized force of German soldiers before he was killed while crossing a second minefield. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Minick, aged 36 at his death, was buried at Westminster Cemetery in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
Big Dipper was an indie rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, USA, formed in 1985 by former members of Volcano Suns and The Embarrassment. They released 4 albums between 1987 and 1990, before splitting up. They were described in a New York Times article as \"musical contortionists: they love to toy with extremes, juxtaposing ferocious guitar noise with celestial vocal harmonies or planting a delicate melody in jagged rhythm\".
Sonar Technician (Surface) 2nd Class Matthew Gene Axelson (June 25, 1976 \u2013 June 28, 2005) was a United States Navy SEAL and Navy Cross recipient for his actions during Operation Red Wing.
Marine Observation Squadron 6 (VMO-6) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps which saw extensive action during the Battle of Okinawa in World War II and the Korean War and Vietnam War. The squadron would become the first Marine Corps helicopter squadron to participate in combat operations when they participated in the Battle of Pusan Perimeter in August 1950. They were deactivated on January 1, 1977.
Marine Fighting Squadron 222 (VMF-222) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps that was activated and fought during World War II. Known as \u201CThe Flying Deuces\u201D, they fell under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and fought in many areas of the Pacific War, including the Philippines campaign (1944\u201345) and the Battle of Okinawa. During the war, the squadron was credited with shooting down 53 enemy aircraft and was the sister squadron to VMF-215. They were deactivated on December 31, 1949.
Richmond Country Bank Ballpark is the newest station on the Staten Island Railway, opened in the Summer of 2001. Located at Wall Street and Richmond Terrace, it is about 150 yards (140 m) west of St. George along what used to be the North Shore Branch line, not being considered part of the main line of the railway. It is an open cut station with an island platform and a double wide staircase at the south end and ADA elevator at the north end. There are no turnstiles at this station. This station serves the Richmond County Bank Ballpark, home of the Staten Island Yankees and is only opened during baseball season, from June to September. The schedule has one train from Tottenville and two or three shuttle trains from St. George coming to this station.
Marine Fighting Squadron 413 (VMF-413) was a fighter squadron of the Marine Forces Reserve during the Cold War. It descended from bombing squadron VMB-413, which was the Marine Corps' first medium bomber squadron and had fought during World War II. Best known as \u201CNight Hecklers\u201D and the Shamrocks\u201D, the squadron fought in many areas of the Pacific War. Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron was deactivated on November 30, 1945 . VMF-413 reactivated in the Marine Forces Reserve and was based out of Naval Air Station Dallas, Texas until its deactivation in January 1963.
Marcellus Bailey (1840 \u2013 January 16, 1921) was an American patent attorney who, with Anthony Pollok, helped prepare Alexander Graham Bell's patents for the telephone and related inventions.
Marine Fighting Squadron 511 (VMF-511) was a fighter squadron of the Marine Forces Reserve during the Cold War which flew numerous variants of the F-8 Crusader.. They were originally activated during World War II and fought during the Battle of Okinawa and the Battle of Balikpapan (1945). They specialized in close air support and during the course of the war were only credited with 1 plane shot. down Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron was deactivated on March 11, 1946 . They were reactivated in the Marine Forces Reserve and was based out of Naval Air Station Willow Grove, Pennsylvania. The squadrons tailcode was originally 7W, then in 1970 it became 5W, and lastly in late 1972 it changed again to MK.
Marine Fighting Squadron 441 (VMF-441) was a fighter squadron of the Marine Forces Reserve during the Cold War. They were originally activated during World War II and fought during the Battle of Okinawa. Nicknamed \"The Blackjacks\", they were credited with 49 planes shot during the course of the war. Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron was deactivated on July 11, 1946. They were reactivated in the Marine Forces Reserve and were based out of Naval Air Station Niagara Falls, New York.
Marine Attack Squadron 233 (VMA-233) was an A-4 Skyhawk attack squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CFlying Deadheads\u201D, were part of the Marine Forces Reserve and were based at Naval Air Station Norfolk, Virginia until their deactivation in 1969. Originally activated during World War II, they fought in many areas of the Pacific War including the Battle of Guadalcanal as part of the Cactus Air Force, the Battle of Okinawa and the Battle of Balikpapan (1945). They were the only Marine Corps squadron to have three commanding officers killed during the course of the war and were credited with downing 8 Japanese aircraft. Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron was deactivated on March 10, 1946. They were reactivated as part of the Reserves but were again deactivated in 1969 and remain in an inactive status today.
Michael R. Rafferty served as an editor of the Grit and as mayor of Williamsport, Pennsylvania in the United States from 2000 to 2004. Rafferty, a native of Williamsport, graduated from Mount St. Mary's College in Emmitsburg, MD. He is married to the former Patricia Roth and they have five children and six grandchildren. Rafferty worked for Williamsport newspapers starting in 1973, and became the editor of GRIT until Stauffer Communications Inc. moved it from Williamsport to Topeka, Kansas in 1993. He served on Williamsport City Council nine years, including six as council president, before becoming mayor in 2000. Forced to run for the office against the same opponent three times in three years, he once said, \"I love serving as mayor; it's running for the office that I hate. \" Since leaving office in 2004, Rafferty has worked in his family photo and graphics design business and as editor of a local weekly newspaper \u2014 Webb Weekly.
Dorothy Layton (August 13, 1912 - June 4, 2009) was an American film actress of the early 1930s. Born as Dorothy Ann Wannenwetsch in Cincinnati, Ohio, Layton was selected as one of the \"WAMPAS Baby Stars\" for 1932. Layton had a promising acting career and starred in eight films in 1932 and 1933, notably appearing several times with Laurel and Hardy. She appeared in the film \"Chickens Come Home\" (1931), \"The Chimp\"(1932), \"County Hospital\" (1932), and \"Pack Up Your Troubles\" 1932). The only film she made of any prominence, however, was 1933's Pick-up, co-starring George Raft and Sylvia Sidney. Her career fizzled after that film, and never really took off again. By 1935 she retired altogether from acting. Layton eventually moved to Baltimore, Maryland, where she met and married Howard W. Taylor, Jr. , a Baltimore businessman. The marriage ended in divorce. The couple had two children. Dorothy Layton died on June 4, 2009, at a retirement home in Towson, Maryland, aged 96.
Angel Mendez (August 8, 1946-March 16, 1967) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross. In 1967, during the Vietnam War, Mendez saved the life of his platoon commander, Lieutenant Ronald D. Castille, who is currently the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. U.S. Senator Charles Schumer has recommended that Mendez' award be upgraded to Medal of Honor, the United States highest military decoration.
Christian Albert (May 1, 1833 \u2013 March 6, 1898) was an American soldier who was awarded the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.
Harry Mink O'Neill (May 8, 1917 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - March 6, 1945 in Iwo Jima) is a former professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues in 1939. He would play for the Philadelphia Athletics. O'Neill was one of two Major League Baseball players to die during World War II. The other was Elmer Gedeon. O'Neill served as a Marine Corps lieutenant with the 4th Marine Division and was killed by a sniper during the battle of Iwo Jima.
Shikashika is a shaved ice drink made from glacier ice in Peru and Bolivia. In some rural communities, the extraction and sale of ice continues to be a primary natural resource for local economies. Ice merchants extract the blocks with an axe by hand and transport them down from the mountains atop mules. The unit of sale is usually an ice block of approximately 40 kilos which is sold to Shikashika vendors. Each 40 kilo block sells for approximately 17 USD. In turn, Shikashika is sold for approximately .15 cents in plastic bags with colorful sweet syrups at Andean festivals and on market day. The word Shikashika is from the Amerindian language Quechua. The word is an onomonopiea. An alternative word for Shikashika in Spanish is \"raspadilla.\"
Lending Club is a person-to-person lending website that pairs borrowers and lenders through a matching system that combines a search algorithm, credit decisioning and social networking. Lending Club is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. In August 2007 the company raised $10.26 Million in a Series A funding round led by Norwest Venture Partners and Canaan Partners, followed by a $12 million Series B round led by Morgenthaler Ventures in March 2009. As of November 30, 2009 Lending Club has originated a total of $69,454,850 in more than 7000 loans and declined $744,508,131 in loan applications.
Mark Kamphaus is a retired American football quarterback. Kamphaus played high school football at Cincinnati's famed Moeller High School and went on to play college football at Boston College from 1986-89. After backing up Shawn Halloran his fresman year, he split the starting job with Mike Power in his Sophomore and Junior seasons and with Power and Willie Hicks in his senior year. His most famous victory was 38-24 upset over Army in the first ever Emerald Isle Classic. He finished 6th all time in passing yards (2,422) and 3rd in completion percentage (57.1). He played one season in the Arena Football League with the Albany Firebirds. He completed 21 of 50 passes for 186 yards, 3 touchdowns, and 4 interceptions.
Captain Robert M. Losey (May 27, 1908 &ndash; April 21, 1940), an aeronautical meteorologist, is considered to be the first American military casualty in World War II. While serving as a military attach\u00E9 prior to America's entry into the war, Losey was killed on April 21, 1940 during a German bombardment in Norway. He had been attempting to complete the evacuation of the American diplomatic legation from Norway to Sweden in the wake of the German invasion.
Joseph F. Merrell (August 21, 1926 &ndash; April 18, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Merrell joined the Army from his birthplace of Staten Island in New York City, and by April 18, 1945 was serving as a private in Company I, 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division. On that day, near Lohe, Germany, he single-handedly attacked German positions which were firing on his unit. He disabled two enemy machine gun emplacements and killed nearly two dozen German soldiers before he was himself killed. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor ten months later, on February 26, 1946. Merrell, aged 18 at his death, was buried in Saint Peters Cemetery, West New Brighton, New York.
John J. McVeigh (1921 &ndash; August 29, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions during the Battle for Brest in World War II.
Francis X. McGraw (April 29, 1918 &ndash; November 19, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. McGraw joined the Army from Camden, New Jersey, and by November 19, 1944 was serving as a private first class in Company H, 26th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division. During a German counterattack on that day, near Schevenh\u00FCtte, Germany, he manned his machine gun despite intense enemy fire and left cover in order to retrieve more ammunition. Although wounded, he continued to fire his machine gun until again running out of ammunition. He then engaged the German troops with a carbine and was killed. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on October 25, 1945. McGraw, aged 26 at his death, was buried at the Henri-Chapelle American Cemetery in Henri-Chapelle, Belgium. The McGraw Kaserne in Munich has been named after him.
Fanny Midgley (November 26, 1879-January 4, 1932) was an American film actress of Hollywood's early years, mostly in silent films. Midgley was born Fanny B. Frier in Cincinnati, Ohio, making her move to Hollywood to pursue an acting career in the earliest days of film making, in 1911. Her first film role was alongside Francis Ford in the earliest film version of the Battle of the Alamo, titled The Immortal Alamo, a film which today has no existing copies. She had another three film roles in 1912 and 1913, then in 1914 her career took off. In 1914 alone she had twenty seven film appearances. That included The Sheriff of Bisbee, in which she starred alongside actress Mildred Harris, the future mother of Charlie Chaplin's first child. From 1915 through 1919 she would appear in another thirty two films, mostly in supporting roles. Her last film appearance during that period was the 1919 film The Lottery Man, in which she starred alongside Wanda Hawley and Wallace Reid. During the 1920s her career would slow somewhat, but she still stayed active, appearing in twenty two films between 1920 and 1926, with her biggest film role during that time being opposite Rudolph Valentino in the 1922 film The Young Rajah. From 1927 to 1929 her career almost completely halted compared to her previous years, with only five film appearances during that period, most notably opposite Buddy Roosevelt in The Cowboy Cavalier in 1928. She did transition somewhat successfully to \"talking films\", and appeared in the 1930 movie The Poor Millionaire, starring Richard Talmadge and Constance Howard. In 1931 she appeared in An American Tragedy, starring Sylvia Sidney and Phillips Holmes. Fanny Midgley died unexpectedly at the age of 52 on January 4, 1932, in Hollywood.
Michelle Witmer (February 13, 1984 \u2013 April 10, 2004 was a U.S. soldier killed in Iraq. She attracted a great deal of media attention because her older sister Rachel Witmer, and her twin sister Charity Witmer, were also deployed. Subsequently, the military removed her sisters from harm's way, citing the risk that enemy forces would target them in an effort to harm U.S. morale, which would endanger her fellow soldiers. Her story was told in the HBO documentary Last Letters Home.
Leonard M. Cowherd was a U.S. soldier killed in Iraq. His story was told in the HBO documentary Last Letters Home. He had written many letters to the Culpeper Star-Exponent about his war experience.
Andrew J. Olmsted (died 3 January 2008) was a major in the U.S. Army. He was educated at St. John's High School in Shrewsbury, MA, and Clark University. Major Olmsted was assigned to a battalion military transition team working with 5th Iraqi Army Division. He was killed in action by sniper fire while serving in the Iraq War. Also killed in the attack was Captain Thomas J. Casey. They were the first casualties suffered by the US Army in Iraq in 2008. Major Olmsted's funeral took place on January 15, 2008, at Fort Carson, Colorado.. His eleven-man team (Nightmare) likely suffered the most casualties of any transition team. Albert A. Haroutounian, an interpreter that worked with the team, was killed by a roadside bomb on March 10, 2008 in Diyala. Captain Ulises Burgos and Specialist Matthew Morris (who was loaned to the short-handed team by the 2-3 Armored Cavalry Regiment) were killed by a roadside bomb on 6 April 2008. His team operated from Kirkush Military Training Base (KMTB) near FOB Caldwell. His team operated throughout the Diyala province in support of the Iraqi Army 5th Division. Units they supported were far flung. His team had to roam from KMTB west to Baqubah and FOB Warhorse east to Mandali and along the Iranian border to the far north of Diyala. They clocked thousands of kilometers along some of the most dangerous routes in Iraq. He was known for writing the blog From the Front Lines for the Rocky Mountain News, and guest-posting at Obsidian Wings blog as G'Kar. He was killed in As Sadiyah, Iraq at the age of 37.. His last blog entry was published posthumously, and was entered in the congressional record
Kevin Riley, (born January 27, 1987) is an American football quarterback for the California Golden Bears. He is a redshirt junior.
Miles Brown Kitts (1880-04-24&mdash;1947-05-27) was a Republican mayor of Erie, Pennsylvania who served as mayor during World War I and the Roaring Twenties. He is considered to have been one of \"most \" mayors because he brought about great changes to Erie but, was also investigated by a grand jury in 1921 and almost was indicted.
Edgar Harold Lloyd (February 28, 1922 &ndash; November 16, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Brian McMenamin (born 1957) is an American businessperson and philanthropist in the state of Oregon. A native of the state, he and his older brother Mike McMenamin founded the McMenamins restaurant and brewpub chain in 1983. He serves as general manager and vice-president of the company which operates more than 50 locations that include music venues such as the Crystal Ballroom, movie theaters such as the Bagdad Theatre, historic buildings converted to brewpubs like the Cornelius Pass Roadhouse, and several hotels.
Thomas Christopher Drougas, Jr. (born December 25, 1949 in Portland, Oregon) is a former American football player who played offensive tackle in the National Football League in the 1970s. He played high school football at Sunset High School in Beaverton, Oregon and attended the University of Oregon. He was drafted by the Baltimore Colts with their first pick in the 1972 NFL Draft. He later played for the Denver Broncos, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Miami Dolphins before retiring in 1976.
Robert Clifford \"Cliff\" Speck (born August 8, 1956 in Portland, Oregon) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves in 1986. His debut was on July 30, 1986.
Tom Teahen is a Toronto employment and labour lawyer who is notable for having been the Liberal candidate for the riding of Beaches-East York in the 2007 Ontario general election. Between September, 2005 and the 2007 election, he was the Chief of Staff to Ontario's Minister of Labour. After the election, he became Chief of Staff to Ontario's Minister of Education. He is the president of the Toronto Beaches Rotary Club. In the past, he was a Director of L'Arche in Stratford as well as a Director of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. He also served on the Advisory Board of Humewood House in Toronto, an organization providing assistance for pregnant and parenting young women. Teahen received a Bachelor of Arts Honours degree from the University of Western Ontario, and received his Bachelor of Laws from Queen's University in 1995.
The West Coldspring Metro Subway Station is one of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line, located in Baltimore, Maryland, in the Arlington area at the intersection of Wabash Avenue and Coldspring Lane. It is the sixth most northern and western station on the line, with approximately 300 parking spaces. Two Maryland Transit Administration bus lines serve the location: nos. 33 and 51.
Ag\u00E1mi Systems, Inc. was an enterprise-class unified network storage company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Ag\u00E1mi Information Servers (AIS) have components of both Network Attached Storage (NAS) and Storage Area Network (IP SAN). AIS storage consolidation enables standards-based support for the iSCSI protocol, thereby enabling concurrent IP SAN block I/O and NAS file I/O through the same device. The flagship AIS6000 series performs at 1 GB/sec and supports 36 terabytes of raw data. Agami Systems struggled to gain any traction in the market place. The company shut down operations on July 28, 2008. The employees were told of the shutdown at 11:00 AM, and it was effective two hours later, at 1:00 PM. In October 2008, Ocarina Networks hired Agami Systems India operations and engineering team in Hyderabad.
The Penn-North Metro Subway Station is one of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line. Its name comes from its location, at the corner of Pennsylvania and North Avenues. It is the eighth most northern and western station on the line, and the first station when starting from Owings Mills that does not have free parking. Three Maryland Transit Administration bus lines serve the location: nos. 13, 91, and 54, 7. Route 21 is also within a close walk of the station.
It's a thick tasty soup with little balls made of corn flour and cheese. As every dish of the Paraguayan popular gastronomy, the vor\u00ED vor\u00ED is rich in proteins and calories, fact that has historical reason, proven fully and scientifically.
The Kosereva is part of the \"typical disserts\" family of the Paraguayan popular gastronomy and, just like its salty and sweet pairs, it has a high protein content, because of fully and scientifically tested historical reasons . It's a \"barreled\" candy, with the hardened skin of the sour orange (\"apep\u00FA\", in Guarani language), cooked in black molasses. It's a rare and paradoxical case of a candy elaborated from sour raw material. The result, naturally, is bittersweet and acid.
Mbeju is a starch cake sometimes made with fari\u00F1a or manioc flour. The high-calorie mbeju is a staple of the Paraguayan diet. According to scholars of Paraguayan social history, the popular Paraguayan diet evolved as a result of the War of Paraguay in the nineteenth century. In the aftermath of the war, food supplies were hard to find. As a result, Paraguayan cooking developed highly nutritious meals to make up for the scarcity of everyday meals.
The chipa guasu is a cake made with corn grains, and one of the 70 varieties of \u201Cchipa\u201D, a food that is original and typical of Paraguay. Its taste is absolutely delicious and is mandatory served in \u201Casados\u201D (social meetings where diverse cuts of grilled cow meat, pork and sausages are eaten, the Paraguayan version of the American barbecue). Like every meal of Paraguayan gastronomy, it contains, for reasons that are historically refuted, a high value in calories.
Without a doubt the most popular and most eaten dessert of the caloric and proteic Paraguayan popular gastronomy. It\u2019s a think cream of exquisite flavour that it\u2019s obtained of cooking rice and cow milk, according to a patient and precise process.
Generically speaking, the \u201Cchipa\u201D is a cake, that could be baked or cooked in many different ways (in Paraguayan gastronomy, according to Margarita Mir\u00F3 Ibars, academic of Paraguayan culinary anthropology, there is 70 varieties plenty identified). As any other sample of authentic Paraguayan culinary art, the \u201Cchipa so\u2019o\u201D has a very high content of calories. Fact that is attributed to historic reasons, scientifically refuted.
David Elliott Graham (born February 1, 1939 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a former professional American football player who played offensive tackle for six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Da'Love Woods (born September 7, 1982 in Portland, Oregon) is an American professional basketball player, in Europe. At 1.65 m (5 ft 5 in) in height, she plays at the point guard position.
The Upton/Avenue Market Metro Subway Station (formerly known simply as the \"Upton\" station), is one of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line. It is the ninth most northern and western station on the line, and is currently served by only one bus line, though a few other lines are within a few blocks walk.
Bertram Stetson Varian, Jr. (26 November 1920 \u2013 5 June 1942) was a naval aviator in the United States Navy during World War II.
Gus J. Kefurt (died December 25, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Kefurt joined the Army from Youngstown, Ohio, and by December 23, 1944 was serving as a Staff Sergeant in Company K, 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division. On that day and the next, he lead his men in a fight against German forces near Bennwihr, France. He exposed himself to hostile fire in order to encourage his men and direct their fire, led his men in the defense of positions despite repeated enemy attacks, and refused medical evacuation even after being seriously wounded. He was killed on December 25, and posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the battle. Kefurt was buried at the Epinal American Cemetery and Memorial in \u00C9pinal, France.
The State Center Metro Subway Station is one of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line. It is the tenth most northern and western station on the line, the first one in the area viewed by many as \"downtown Baltimore,\" and is within a close walk of the Cultural Center Light Rail Stop and many area landmarks. Several Maryland Transit Administration bus lines operate nearby or lay over at the location, including nos. 5, 19, 21, 27, and 91. The stop's lone entrance is located directly adjacent to the Maryland States Office Complex, hence the name \"State Center. \" It is the location of a future transit-oriented development.
Donald Steven Runels was born 8 July 1904 at Santa Maria, California, enlisted in the United States Navy on 19 March 1926; was appointed machinist 14 September 1938; warranted machinist (to rank from 10 September 1938) on 25 November 1939; and commissioned ensign on 23 June 1942. Ensign Runels was killed when his ship, Northampton (CA-26) was torpedoed and sunk during the Battle of Tassafaronga 30 November 1942.
The Charles Center Metro Subway Station is one of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line. It is the area of the city considered to be most central, and until 1995, when the extension to Johns Hopkins Hospital was opened, it was the final stop on the line. At this location, it is possible to walk to many downtown Baltimore landmarks and to transfer to many buses.
Leroy Johnson (died December 15, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Elden H. Johnson (1921 &ndash; June 3, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Johnson joined the Army from East Weymouth, Massachusetts, and by June 3, 1944 was serving as a private in the 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division. When his unit was ambushed on that day, near Valmontone, Italy, he deliberately drew the hostile German fire onto himself so that his comrades could escape. He succeeded in destroying a German machine gun position before he was killed. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor a year later, on May 16, 1945. Johnson, aged 22 or 23 at his death, was buried in Union Cemetery, Scituate, Massachusetts.
The Johns Hopkins Hospital Metro Subway Station is the final of 14 stops along the Baltimore Metro Subway line. It is identified as \"Johns Hopkins Hospital\" as opposed to simply \"Johns Hopkins\" to distinguish the location from the many other locations in Baltimore associated with Johns Hopkins University, though the hospital is currently the only such location with a rail station. The station is one of two stops in the third phase of the Baltimore Metro, having opened in 1995. The Johns Hopkins Hospital Metro Subway Station has two street-level entrances, and an entrance to the hospital that bypasses the street. Interior shots of the 1997 ' episode titled \"\" were filmed here (exteriors were shot at the Shot Tower stop). The station signs were replaced with signs for a fictional \"Inner Harbor\" stop.
The Orlando Deanery Boychoir is an internationally renowned choir based in Orlando, Florida. The choir is open to boys in grades 3-9. The Orlando Deanery Boychoir is founded on European models and affiliated with the Royal School of Church Music in England. This music outreach program of the Cathedral Church of St. Luke in downtown Orlando serves the community, nation and world. Creating beautiful music of the highest standards, the choirs develop musicianship, vocal skills, teamwork, responsibility, leadership, courtesy, respect for other cultures, poise and professionalism. Performances include civic festivals, opera and symphony, charity concerts, private parties, weddings, religious services, conventions, TV commercials and Disney events, often with prominent local orchestras. As cultural ambassadors of the United States and the City of Orlando, the choir has toured Japan, England, Ireland, Wales, Canada, Washington D.C. , Niagara Falls, New England, the Bahamas, Florida and the southeast, New Orleans, Carnegie Hall in New York, Vienna, Prague, Munich, and Salzburg. Tours are funded entirely by fundraising efforts and individual and corporate contributions. Tours play an integral part in our musical education, cultural enrichment, and outreach mission. The choir is under the direction of Benjamin Lane.
Harry R. Harr (February 22, 1921 &ndash; June 5, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Frederick Thomas Weber (4 February 1916 \u2013 4 June 1942) was a naval aviator in the United States Navy during World War II.
Windows Live Hotmail, formerly known as MSN Hotmail and commonly referred to simply as Hotmail, is a free web-based email service operated by Microsoft as part of its Windows Live group. It was founded by Sabeer Bhatia and Jack Smith. Launching in July 1996 as \"HoTMaiL\" and funded by the venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson, it was one of the first web-based e-mail services. Its original name and capitalization refers to HTML, the encoding language used by the World Wide Web. It was also one of the first free e-mail providers. It was subsequently acquired by Microsoft in 1997 for an estimated $400 million, and shortly after it was rebranded as \"MSN Hotmail\". The current version, \"Windows Live Hotmail\", was officially announced in 2005 and released worldwide in 2007. Windows Live Hotmail features 5GB of storage that expands as necessary, security measures for which patents have been filed, Ajax technology, and integration with Windows Live Messenger, Spaces, Calendar, and Contacts. It has over 270 million users worldwide as of 2008. It is available in 36 different languages. The Hotmail development and operations groups are based in Mountain View, California. When Hotmail Corporation was an independent company, its headquarters was in Sunnyvale, California.
Arthur William \"Skinny\" Graham (August 12, 1909 in Somerville, Massachusetts \u2013 July 10, 1967 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an outfielder for the Boston Red Sox. He played for the Red Sox in 1934 and 1935. His career as a major leaguer was ended by an injury to his left elbow caused by a collision at home plate.
Roy W. Harmon (died July 12, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Raymond Jacobs (January 24, 1926&ndash;January 29, 2008) was a United States Marine Corps Private First Class, a Radioman with the 2nd Battalion, 28th Marines of the 5th Marine Division, and later a news reporter. Although not officially confirmed, Jacobs maintained that he was the last surviving member of the original party of Marines who raised the first flag on Mount Suribachi on February 23, 1945 during the Battle of Iwo Jima.
Robert Homans (November 8, 1877 &ndash; July 28, 1947) was an American film actor. He appeared in some 400 films between 1917 and 1946. He was born in Malden, Massachusetts and died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack.
Arthur Edward Loeser was born on 17 April 1903 at Rahway, New Jersey; appointed to the United States Naval Academy on 15 August 1923; and commissioned ensign on 2 June 1927. After serving from 1927\u201329 in the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga (CV-3), from 1929\u201332 in the destroyer Hopkins (DD-249), in the cruiser Rochester (CA-2) in 1932, in the gunboat Asheville (PG-21) in 1933, and in Chicago (CA-29) in 1934, Loeser completed two years of postgraduate work at the Naval Academy. Two years in the battleship Mississippi (BB-41) were followed by two in Sampson (DD-394) as engineering officer. From June 1940 to August 1941 he served with Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Bath, Maine. On 2 September 1941 Lieutenant Commander Loeser reported aboard light cruiser Atlanta (CL-51) as engineering officer. Lieutenant Commander Loeser was killed in action on 13 November 1942 when enemy torpedoes crippled Atlanta in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.
George J. Hall (January 9, 1921 &ndash; February 16, 1946) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Spore was a noise rock band from Boston, Massachusetts formed in the wake of the early 1990s grunge movement. Spore were signed in 1993 on the Taang! Records label, the same label which initially signed The Lemonheads, the Mighty Mighty Bosstones and Mission of Burma, with whom the band released a 7 inch EP. Lead singer Mona Elliot's voice has been described as channelling \"anger and determination with a style heavily influenced by early Throwing Muses-era Kristin Hersh. \" The Spore song Fun, from the group's third album was included in the Natural Born Killers film, though it was not released on the official film soundtrack CD. The band was also known for sporting an image of Andre the Giant on their disc covers, with the image being similar to Shepard Fairey's well known pop art interpretation, Andre the Giant Has a Posse. Elliot went on to form another well-regarded Boston-based band, Victory at Sea, in 1996. Ayal Naor started up the avant-garde band 27 with members of the Boston band Dirt Merchants, while also contributing on fellow Boston band Isis' critically acclaimed album Oceanic as well as touring with the band.
Consonant is an alternative rock group formed by singer/guitarist Clint Conley in 2001. In the late 1970s, Conley cofounded Mission of Burma, a pioneering Boston post punk group. After mostly dropping out of music for the 1980s and 1990s, Conley began writing songs, often with input from poet Holly Anderson. Conley formed Consonant in 2001, along with guitarist Chris Brokaw, bassist Winston Braman, and drummer Matt Kadane. Though notably less experimental than Mission of Burma, critic Mark Deming declares Consonant is \"a fine return to the spotlight for Conley\".
Eric G. Gibson (October 3, 1919 &ndash; January 28, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Dr. Gabriel J. Campana is the mayor of Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He is an educator in the Williamsport Area School District. In addition, Masters Degree classes were taught by Gabe at The College of New Jersey (Trenton State College) and via RTC as an adjuct Assistant Professor. He is a 12 year veteran of Williamsport City Council and attended the following institutions of higher learning. University of Sarasota (now known as Argosy University) lived at and completed coursework, Florida - Doctorate in Education (Curriculum and Instruction) - Summa Cum Laude Harvard University - Completed Multicultural Coursework - Sabbatical Wilkes University - Master of Science in Education - Magna Cum Laude Bloomsburg University - Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education - Magna Cum Laude Saint Alban's Prep SchoolWashington, D.C. Received honors distinction as he completed classes in the summer of 1980 Bishop Neumann High School - Graduated in 1981 Awards: Trademark from the U.S. Trademark and Patent Office 2005 YWCA Racial Justice Award Recipient Who's Who in American Education Recipient Top vote getter in 1997, and 2005 City Council elections Gabe belongs to the following organizations: Newberry Lions Lycoming County Historical Society Sons of Italy NRA Association for Curriculum and Supervision Development In 2003, Campana received his Doctor of Education Degree from University of Sarasota, accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and membership with the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, which also accredits 900 other Colleges and Universities including Notre Dame and Ohio State. On May 12, 2008, Campana announced a new plan to fight crime in Williamsport. By the end of the year, statistics showed violent crime was reduced by 15% and drug arrests were up 200% . Finally, since 2008, over $450 million has been pledged towards economic development in the city. (Williamsport Sun-Gazette).
Sergeant Amos Humiston (April 26, 1830 &ndash; July 1, 1863) was the \"unknown soldier\" killed at the Battle of Gettysburg. When Humiston's body was found the only identification he had on his person was a picture of three children that he clutched in his hand at his death. A description of the picture was printed on October 19, 1863, in the Philadelphia Inquirer with a story under the provocative headline: \"Whose Father Was He?\" At that time, newspapers were unable to print photos. The article said \"a Union soldier was found in a secluded spot on the battlefield, where, wounded, he had laid himself down to die. In his hands, tightly clasped, was an ambrotype containing the portraits of three small children ... and as he silently gazed upon them his soul died. How touching! How solemn! ... It is earnestly desired that all papers in the country will draw attention to the discovery of this picture and its attendant circumstances, so that, if possible, the family of the dead hero may come into possession of it. Of what inestimable value will it be to these children, proving, as it does, that the last thought of their dying father was for them, and them only. \" Amos' wife, Philinda Humiston, living in Portville, New York, eventually came upon a news account of the photo. So much sympathy was poured out for the Humiston family that the proceeds allowed for the creation of an orphanage in Gettysburg for children of soldiers. In a New York Times interview by filmmaker Errol Morris, author Mark H. Dunkelman describes the process of researching Humiston, and writing a book about him and his family Gettysburg's Unknown Soldier. Dunkelman was able to find a descendant, Allan Lawrence Cox, who had a collection of letters written by Humiston. One of the letters includes a poignant poem written by Humiston in May 1863 detailing how much he missed his family.
The Four Esquires were an American vocal group from Boston, Massachusetts. They had two hit singles in the U.S. late in the 1950s, both on Paris Records. The first, \"Love Me Forever\", featured orchestral backing by Sid Bass and peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1957. It also reached #23 on the UK Singles Chart. The second, \"Hideaway\", had orchestral accompaniment by Richard Hayman, and peaked at #21 in the U.S. in 1958.
Elmer E. Fryar (born c. 1915 died December 8, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
William G. Fournier (June 21, 1913 &ndash; January 13, 1943) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Raymond O. Beaudoin (1918\u20131945) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II.
John W. Dutko (October 24, 1916 &ndash; May 23, 1944) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Robert H. Dietz (January 22, 1921 &ndash; March 29, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Morris E. Crain (October 7, 1924 &ndash; March 13, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Vantec Thermal Technologies is a privately-held multinational corporation with headquarters and an R&amp;D team in the US, sales/purchasing office in Taiwan and factories in Taiwan, Korea and China. Vantec designs and manufactures thermal products and computer peripherals. Consumers can buy Vantec products from brick-and-mortar electronics stores or online retailers. The company does not sell to end-users directly.
Boston University Stage Troupe is an extracurricular activity for students of Boston University not majoring in theatre.
Lou Miami (1956\u20131995) was a punk musician based in Boston. His group, The Kozmetix, was popular on the local scene and released two EPs. He combined a rough punk sound with a glam-influenced choice of clothing. As was typical for many punk bands at the time, the Kozmetix regularly played at The Rathskeller (the Rat), the Channel, Jonathan Swifts, Cantones, and Spit as well as NYC haunts such as the Peppermint Lounge and the old Living Room in Providence RI. Lou Miami and the Kozmetix also regularly played the Inn-Square Men's Bar in Inman Square, Cambridge. Many Harvard Law students of that era proved to be among Lou's biggest fans. On The Kozmetix, Miami was the lead singer, Jack Rootoo played lead guitar, H.P. (aka Helen Privett) bass, Dolores Paradise organ, and Laural Blanchard drums. During the band's touring years of 1979&ndash;1981 the Kozmetix lineup was Lou Miami on vocals, Jack Rootoo guitar, Bill Norcott on bass and Melody Chisholm on drums. Bill and Melody came to the Kozmetix from their previous band Phobia. This lineup had a regular Monday night gig at Cantones for two years as well as appearing at numerous clubs in the Boston area. The group was managed by Joan Martin. In a clever bit of marketing, their first 45 &mdash; with \"Fascist Lover\" on the A side and \"To Sir with Love\" on the B &mdash; was sold in a white plastic cosmetics bag that mimicked a Lord &amp; Taylor shopping bag. It contained the memorable line \"A fascist lover that made my mother and then my mother made me!\" Their LP Lou Miami &amp; The Kozmetix was produced by Ann Prim and Karen Kirby both from the Boston band November Group.
Michael R. Burns joined Lions Gate Entertainment's Board of Directors in 1999 and became Vice Chairman in March 2000. Previously, Burns served for nine years as managing director and head of Prudential Securities\u2019 Los Angeles investment banking office. While at Prudential, he specialized in raising equity within the media and entertainment industry. Prior to joining Prudential, he spent nine years at Shearson Lehman Brothers in New York and Los Angeles. Burns has served as chairman of Ignite Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based entertainment production company, was cofounder of the Hollywood Stock Exchange, and serves as chairman and cofounder of Novica. com. Burns has recently been profiled or featured in such varied major media outlets as AMC Sunday Morning Shootout, Barron's, BloombergTV, BusinessWeek, CBS MarketWatch, CNBC Power Lunch, Financial Times, Fortune, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal. He was married to actress Lori Loughlin from 1989 to 1996.. He married actress Pell James in 2006. Burns was born in Long Branch, New Jersey on August 21, 1958 but grew up in New Canaan, Connecticut, graduating from New Canaan High School in 1976. He then graduated with a B.S. from Arizona State University and received his M.B.A. from the John E. Anderson Graduate School of Management at the University of California at Los Angeles.
The Belgrade Blue Dragons are an American football team from Belgrade, Serbia.
John Andrew Akpata is a writer, spoken word artist, musician, freelance journalist and federal politician in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Montalvo Systems was a Silicon Valley start-up reportedly working on an asymmetrical, x86 capable processor similar to the Cell microprocessor. The processor was to use high-performance cores for performance-intensive threads, and delegate minor tasks to the simpler cores to save silicon and power. Matt Perry, former Transmeta CEO, served as CEO and president of Montalvo; Peter Song, founder of failed x86 manufacturer MemoryLogix, served as chief architect. Another founding member, Kevin Lawton, of bochs and plex86 fame, was the processor simulator architect. The official description of business from Montalvo's security filings was: A fabless semiconductor company developing ultra low-power system-on-chips for mobile devices. As of 24th April 2008, Sun Microsystems had acquired the company's assets for an undisclosed sum.
The marraqueta (also called pan franc\u00E9s and pan batido) is a South American bread made with flour, salt, water and leavening. It is mostly eaten in Bolivia, Chile and Peru, but can also be found in Argentina and Uruguay. In Chile, marraquetas make up 65% of all the bread sold.
Charles F. Carey, Jr. (died January 9, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
George W. G. Boyce, Jr. (died July 23, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Robert D. Booker (July 11, 1920 &ndash; April 9, 1943) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Turku Trojans is one of the oldest American Football teams in Finland, established in 1982. Turku Trojans plays in the Maple League (Vaahteraliiga in Finnish) operated by American Football Association in Finland. Finnish champions in 2003. Maple Bowl appearances in 1984, 1987, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1998, 1999, 2002 and 2004. Third place in 1991, 1997, 2000 and 2001.
Accel Partners is a leading global venture and growth equity firm funding companies from inception through the growth stage. The firm is based in Palo Alto, California with major offices in Bangalore, Beijing, London, and Shanghai. Founded in 1983, Accel has helped entrepreneurs build over 300 successful category-defining companies including: Actuate, AdMob, Alfresco, Altor Networks, AMCC, Arrowpoint, Baidu, BBN Technologies, Brightcove, ComScore, Etsy, Facebook, Focus Media, Foundry Networks, Gameforge, Glam Media, Imperva, Infinera, Interwoven, JBoss, Kayak, Knewton, Macromedia, metroPCS, Mochi Media, Mu Sigma, Polycom/PictureTel, Portal Software, QlikTech, Rapt, Real Networks, Redback Networks, Riverbed Technology, Sohu. com, UUNet, Veritas, Walmart. com, Webroot, XenSource, and Zimbra. In addition to Accel\u2019s continued investments in early-stage startups from the Accel X early stage fund, Accel announced its $480 million growth fund in December of 2008. This fund will focus on growth equity opportunities across a broad range of sectors, including: information technology, internet, digital media, mobile, networking, software, and services. As with Accel\u2019s early-stage efforts, Accel Growth Fund will play an active role in helping entrepreneurs and management teams build category-defining, global businesses. In 2000, Accel entered into a joint-venture with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts to form Accel-KKR a technology-focused private equity investment firm focused on control investments of middle-market companies.
Neil Roberts (August 16, 1969 \u2013 March 4, 2002) was a US Navy SEAL, the first SEAL to die in combat in Afghanistan.
Powersurge was an American power metal band formed in Tampa, Florida in 1984 and disbanded in 1991.
John Dromo (died September 29, 1992) is best known as head coach for the Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team from 1967 - 1971. From 1942 to 1947, Dromo served as coach of \"nearly everything\" at St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1948, Dromo joined the staff at the University of Louisville as an assistant coach for both football and basketball. For 17 years, he served under Bernard Hickman. Upon Hickman's retirement, Dromo assumed the position of head coach. During his four-year tenure, he achieved a 68-23 record. During the 1970-1971 season, he suffered a heart attack and subsequently retired. Dromo died in 1992.
Hollis S. French II is a Democratic member of the Alaska Senate, representing the M district since 2003. The district covers the East Spenard and Turnagain/Inlet View areas of Anchorage. He is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Lesil McGuire is an American politician in the state of Alaska. As of 2009, she is a Republican member of the Alaska Senate, representing the N District, taking office in 2007 immediately after her tenure as a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 2000 through 2006.
Walter A. Mayer (July 8, 1890 - November 18, 1951) was a backup catcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1911 through 1919 for the Chicago White Sox (1911-1912, 1914-1915), Boston Red Sox (1917-1918) and St. Louis Browns (1919). Listed at 5' 11\", 168 lb. , Mayer batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. In a seven-season career, Mayer was a .193 hitter (53-for-274) with 22 runs and 20 RBI in 132 games, including 14 doubles, one triple, one stolen base, and a .303 on-base percentage. He did no hit a home run. In 112 catching appearances, he committed 17 errors in 553 chances for a .968 fielding percentage. Mayer died in Minnetonka, Minnesota at age 61.
Take 5 was an American boy band from Orlando, Florida. Take 5 was one of the many groups whose formulation and promotion were due to the machinations of promoter Lou Pearlman, and all of the members had had prior experience in the entertainment industries. Member TJ Christofore had won Star Search in 1995 and had appeared on Broadway in Les Mis\u00E9rables. Stevie Schulthorpe was previously a model, commercial actor, and theater performer; brothers Ryan and Clay Goodell were both trained pianists and also had experience in commercials and theater. Tilky Jones had played drums in a ska punk group called User Friendly. Throughout 1998 and 1999, Take 5 released singles in Europe and Asia and toured in both regions. Their debut full-length was released in mid-2000 on Elektra. While the album charted in the United States, peaking at #26 Billboard Heatseekers, the group failed to match the success of Pearlman's other outfits such as Backstreet Boys and *NSync. They never released another album. Tim Christofore later alleged that Pearlman had made untoward sexual advances toward band members. After the breakup, each band member either continued performing or went back to school. Tim went home to Minnesota and formed the band Fatt Kamp, formerly known as Jonis. Stevie and Tilky formed a duo named Stevie dot Tilky. The Goodell brothers both went back to school. Ryan graduated in 2005 from UCLA and in May 2009 from Loyola Law School in Los Angeles with an emphasis on entertainment law. Clay graduated in May 2007 from USC, with a bachelor's degree in Film &amp; Television Production and Theater Arts. He worked in the Art Department on TV shows such as Big Brother 8,, and Spike TV's Video Game Awards. Later on, Stevie went solo as SJ Rose while Tilky pursued acting and appeared on episodes of One Tree Hill and movies like Never Back Down and The Guardian. Talks about possible reunion of the band have been around. On MySpace and Facebook, SJ Rose (Stevie) and TJ had messages confirming the reunion and that they have had studio sessions in the first week of February 2009. A recent photo of all five of them together in lieu of the said reunion has also surfaced the web.
A Fleet Replacement Squadron (FRS), is a unit of the United States Navy and Marine Corps that trains Naval Aviators and Naval Flight Officers (NFOs) on the specific front-line aircraft they have been assigned to fly. Students, referred to as Replacement Pilots or Replacement Weapon Systems Officers are either newly winged aviators (Category I), aviators transitioning from one type aircraft to another (Category II), or aviators returning to the cockpit after a period of non-flying (Category III). After completing the training regimen, graduates are assigned to fleet squadrons. Additionally, FRSs are responsible for training aircraft mechanics, providing replacement aircraft for fleet squadron attrition, and standardizing maintenance and aircraft operations. U.S. Navy and Marine personnel (RPs, instructors, maintainers, etc. ) are frequently assigned to other services FRSs. The FRSs were formerly known as Replacement Air Groups, and are thus commonly called \"Rags\".
Vegreville-Viking was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada from 1993 until 2004.
Richard Joseph Loftus (March 7, 1901 in Concord, Massachusetts - January 21, 1972), is a former professional baseball player who played outfield from for the Brooklyn Robins in the 1924 &amp; 1925 seasons.
The Communist Party of Canada - Ontario ran candidates in the 2007 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Harry M. Crump (nickname \"Harry the Thump\") (born 18 June 1940 in Framingham, Massachusetts) is a former American football fullback who played for the Boston Patriots in the American Football League. He played college football for Boston College.
Atari, Inc. was a video game and home computer company founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney. Primarily responsible for the formation of the video arcade and modern video game industries, the company was closed and its assets split in 1984 as a direct result of the North American video game crash of 1983.
The Skinny House at 44 Hull Street in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts, USA is an extremely narrow four-story house that has the \"uncontested distinction of being the narrowest house in Boston. \" According to the executive director of the Boston Landmarks Commission, \"In a city where there are many narrow lots, this far exceeds the norm... As far as we know, it is the narrowest house in Boston. \" It was originally built as a spite house.
Hideshi Hamaguchi is a Japanese concept creator and strategist in business field. He is considered a leading mind in creative concept development, strategy-building and decision management on both sides of the Pacific. A self-proclaimed diagram-lover, Hamaguchi uses visual models to bring what he calls \"simplexity\" and \u201Cstructured chaos\u201D to the process of brainstorming, helping businesses generate creative ideas and strategies in various industries &amp; businesses.
Shamika Cotton is an American actor from Cincinnati, Ohio. Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Shamika Cotton graduated from Cincinnati's competitive School for the Creative and Performing Arts\u2022\t. Shamika Cotton appeared on \"I Wanna Be A Soap Star\" Reality Series to rave reviews and her performances from the show were singly highlighted on Entertainment Tonight. She is perhaps best-known to television viewers as Michael Lee's drug-addicted mother Raylene Lee in the acclaimed HBO series The Wire. In November, 2007, Shamika launched a weekly videocast on YouTube entitled the \u201CShamika Chronicles\u201D, a series that follows her life and offers a realistic look at the daily life and work of an aspiring and talented actress.
To Live and Shave in L.A. (TLASILA) is an experimental music collective founded in 1993 by avant-garde composer/producer Tom Smith (formerly of Washington, DC groups Peach of Immortality and Pussy Galore) and Miami Beach musician/producer Frank \"Rat Bastard\" Falestra. They were soon joined by oscillator player Ben Wolcott; this lineup created the majority of the releases in TLASILA's extensive discography. Their debut album, 30-minuten m\u00E4nnercreme, was released in 1994. Bananafish Magazine described the recording as \"a wind tunnel of 30-weight vitriol . \" The \"wildly inaccessible\" ensemble has featured Don Fleming, Andrew W.K. , Weasel Walter, Thurston Moore, and at least a dozen other musicians and sound artists. Their primary aesthetic assertion posits that genre is \"obsolete\". Although often categorized as purveyors of noise music, TLASILA have been noted to pursue an unorthodox approach, \"construct(ing) songs around an overwhelming plethora of sonic detail, challenging the listener to engage with a surfeit of information,\" deliberately blurring \"the line between harsh metal-on-metal noise and abstract musique concr\u00E8te. \" Smith's poetic texts \"distance\" the group \"from any potential peers,\" \"scanning like (they) came from some previously unearthed hermetic treatise.\"
Gerry Kirby, (born January 18, 1951) is an American entertainer. He was born Gerald Kirby in Portland, Oregon, and was a backup singer for Sylvester, and performed in Hello, Dolly! with Pearl Bailey in the early 1970s. He currently resides in San Francisco, California.
W. Freeland Kendrick (1873 \u2013 March 20, 1953)was the Republican Mayor of Philadelphia from 1924-1928. He served as a delegate from Pennsylvania to the Republican National Convention in 1920, and served as the President of the Sesquicentennial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1926.
Berkeley Design Automation, Inc. is an electronic design automation (EDA) software company, headquartered in Santa Clara, California. The company develops software for advanced analog/RF integrated circuit verification. Founded in 2003, the company is funded by Woodside Fund, Bessemer Venture Partners, Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. , and NTT Corporation. Berkeley Design Automation tools are part of the Analog FastSPICE unified verification platform and include the Analog FastSPICE circuit simulator, the AFS Nano SPICE simulator, the Noise Analysis Option device noise analyzer, and the RF FastSPICE multi-tone periodic analyzer. Typical applications include characterizing complex blocks such as PLLs, analog-to-digital converters, and transmit/receive chains and running performance simulation of full circuits such as wireless transceivers, wireline transceivers, high-speed I/O macros, memories, microcontrollers, data converters, and power converters.
Leonard Brodbeck Swormstedt (October 6, 1878 &ndash; July 19, 1964) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played between 1901 and 1906 for the Cincinnati Reds (1901-1902) and Boston Americans (1906). Swormstedt batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. In a three-season career, Swormstedt posted a 3-4 record with 22 strikeouts a 2.22 ERA in eight appearances, including seven complete games, 10 walks, 58 hits allowed, and 65.0 innings of work. Swormstedt died at the age of 85 in Salem, Massachusetts.
Robert Alexander Barr (born March 12, 1908 in Newton, Massachusetts, died July 25, 2002 in Dover, New Hampshire) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in two games for the 1935 Brooklyn Dodgers, working 2.3 innings and allowing five hits and three runs.
Alas are an Operatic Progressive metal band from Tampa, Florida, U.S.A. They featured well known Cannibal Corpse bassist Alex Webster. It also features Death metal pioneer Morbid Angel ex-guitarist Erik Rutan. They have released an album called Absolute Purity.
Kevin Allen (born June 21, 1963 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football tackle who played in the National Football League for one season for the Philadelphia Eagles.
David Lewis (born June 8, 1961 in Portland, Oregon) is a former professional American football tight end who played four seasons for the Detroit Lions and the Miami Dolphins.
Josephine Dillon (January 26, 1884 \u2013 November 10, 1971) was an American actress who may best be remembered by history as Clark Gable's patron, acting coach and first wife. Josephine Dillon was born on January 26, 1886 in Denver, Colorado to Judge Henry Clay Dillon (b. Lancaster, Wisconsin, d. April 6, 1912 in Los Angeles, California) and Florence H. Dillon. She was the younger sister of opera singer Enrica Clay Dillon. Per the U.S. Census of 1900, Josephine's family was living in Long Beach, California, and she had four sisters and one brother living at home with her and her parents along with her maternal grandmother, Maria Hood, and a servant named Yick Leong. Dillon was educated in the California public school system and graduated from Stanford University in 1908. After graduating from Stanford, Dillon studied acting in Italy for one year before returning to the United States to act on Broadway for actor Edward Everett Horton's stock company in New York, New York. According to Josephine Dillon's U.S. passport application dated December 27, 1918, she was then employed as an actress, her father was deceased, and she had one brother, James D. Dillon, who was serving in the 158th Infantry, and Josephine was planning a humanitarian war relief trip to Turkey with the American Committee for Armenian and Syrian Relief based in New York City. Her passport application goes on to describe her as being 5' 6.5\" tall with dark brown hair and hazel eyes. Sometime after returning to the United States from her trip to Turkey, Josephine Dillon moved up the Pacific Coast from California to Oregon where she founded the Astoria Stock Company. During her time in Portland, she met her future husband, actor Clark Gable, while she was working as a stage director for the Red Lantern Players. Initially, she was Gable's acting coach and patron (paying to have his teeth fixed, hair groomed, and so on. ) Dillon moved to Hollywood, California in 1924 with Gable following after her, and they were married on December 12 of the same year. Upon arrival in Hollywood, Dillon opened The Dillon Stock Company and Gable began enjoying small successes in the film industry. Dillon divorced Gable after six years of marriage on April 1, 1930, and he married Texas socialite Maria (Rhea) Franklin Prentiss Lucas Langham days later. Although, it has been alleged that she first divorced him in Mexico in 1929, but the divorce was not legally recognized. Dillon is the author of \"Modern Acting\", which describes in detail the training that she put Gable through over a 6.5 year period. She also taught Errol Flynn, Gary Cooper, and Cary Grant. Laura Hart, her student and protege continues (2009) to pass along her teachings in the same manner that Dillon taught all her students- through a one on one apprenticeship. Little is known of the rest of Dillon's life after her divorce from Gable although she did appear in two films at the age of 60 in 1944. It should be noted that Dillon was seventeen years Gable's senior at the time of their marriage. It has been alleged by some that Gable insisted that their marriage was never consummated, and it has been further asserted that Gable owned the house in which she lived (located at 12746 Landale St. in North Hollywood,California) until his death in 1960 at which time the residence was left to her in his will. While the U.S. Census of 1900 as well as her death certificate lists her year of birth as 1884, Dillon's passport application lists her year of birth as 1886. She is purportedly buried at the Calvary Cemetery in East Los Angeles, California.
Barbara Harper is a waterbirth activist. The Oregonian newspaper once referred to Barbara Harper as \"the Billy Graham of waterbirth\" when they described her \"missionary\" style of promoting waterbirth around the world. She has stated that she prefers to think of herself more as the \"Mother Teresa\" of waterbirth, having put all of her personal and professional resources into making waterbirth an available option for all women. She has lectured in 35 countries, including many medical schools, nursing schools, midwifery programs and university women\u2019s studies departments. Barbara has been interviewed by newspapers and magazines and has appeared on radio and TV shows to talk about her work with waterbirth and gentle birth.
Jonathan Favreau (born June 2, 1981) is President Barack Obama's Director of Speechwriting. Favreau attended the College of the Holy Cross, graduating as valedictorian. In college, he accumulated a variety of scholastic honors, and took part in and directed numerous community and civic programs. After graduation, he went to work for the John Kerry Presidential campaign in 2004, working to collect talk radio news for the campaign, and eventually was promoted to the role of Deputy Speechwriter. While working for the Kerry campaign, he first met Barack Obama. In 2005, Robert Gibbs recommended Favreau to Obama as an excellent speechwriter. Favreau was hired as Obama's speechwriter shortly after Obama's election to the United States Senate. Obama and Favreau grew close, and Obama has referred to him as his \"mind reader. \" He went on the campaign trail with Obama during his successful Presidential election campaign. In 2009, he was named as a White House staff member, as Director of Speechwriting, becoming the second youngest person ever to take that post.
Sylvia Gomes, (born 1979) is a beauty queen from Bridgeport, Connecticut who has competed in the Miss America pageant. Gomes worked as a reporter for ABC40, an ABC affiliate in Springfield, Massachusetts, during 2003 and 2004.
T. F. Gilroy Daly (February 25, 1931 - July 11, 1996) was a lawyer and United States District Judge in Connecticut who, as a trial lawyer, was noted for winning the freedom of a man wrongly convicted of murder in 1976. He served as District Judge from 1977-1996.
The first American military casualty of the War on Terrorism, Special Forces Sgt. 1st Class Nathan Ross Chapman, was shot by a 14-year old sniper in Gardez, Afghanistan on January 4, 2002. Born at Andrews Air Force Base where his father was stationed, Nathan Chapman grew up in a variety of towns across the United States, but listed his hometown as San Antonio, Texas when he joined the military at the age of 18. He'd never lived in San Antonio, but that is where his grandparents lived. Assigned to the 1st Special Forces Group following the September 11th attacks, Chapman was directing troop movements from the back of a flatbed truck when he was shot. He did not die instantly from the attack, which also saw a CIA Paramilitary Operations Officer from Special Activities Division wounded. Although originally dubbed an \"ambush\", the military backed away from using the term. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. Chapman, his wife and two children lived in Tacoma, Washington. Forward Operating Base Chapman was named after SFC Chapman.
Tobias Read is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 27 since 2006.
John S. Brenner was the 23rd mayor of York, Pennsylvania elected in 2001, as the youngest mayor in the city's history. He was previously City Controller for two years. In 2009, his chosen successor, C. Kim Bracey, was elected mayor.
J. Richard \"Rick\" Gray is a lawyer and politician who has been mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania since January 3, 2006.
Charles Wilson \"Dory\" Dean (November 6, 1852 &ndash; May 4, 1935) was an American, 19th century Major League Baseball player from Cincinnati, Ohio. He was a right-handed pitcher who played for just one Major League season, the 1876 Cincinnati Reds.
Avenda Systems is a Silicon Valley start-up, that develops network access security products with operations in Santa Clara, California, USA and Bangalore, India..
Josiah Butterfield (March 13, 1795 \u2013 March 3, 1871) was an early Mormon leader and member of the Presidency of the Seventy of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Butterfield was born in Dunstable, Massachusetts, and married Polly Moulton on October 30, 1819. The couple spent the 1820s in Maine, where John F. Boynton and a missionary companion baptized him in 1833. Butterfield relocated to Kirtland, Ohio, in 1834, where he worked on the Kirtland Temple. There he also became a charter member (and stockholder) of the Kirtland Safety Society. He was set apart as one of the seven presidents of Seventy on April 6, 1837. He functioned simultaneously as a member of the Kirtland High Council. After Polly died on October 28, 1840, Butterfield married Margaret Lawrence, a mother of two daughters. Shortly after this marriage, a conflict arose between Butterfield and Joseph Smith, Jr. over the Lawrence estate, from which Butterfield was set to benefit. Smith represented the two daughters' position. Smith wrote on March 28, 1843, that Butterfield \"came to my house and insulted me so outrageously that I kicked him out of the house, across the yard, and into the street. \" Butterfield became disaffected and was excommunicated on October 7, 1844. Jedediah M. Grant took his place in the Presidency. Butterfield was later rebaptized and received his endowment in the Nauvoo Temple on January 20, 1846, although he did not travel west with the Mormon pioneers. By 1853, he was on his way to California when he visited his nephew, Thomas Butterfield, at Fort Herriman and affirmed his continuing faith in Mormonism. On his way to California, he met and married Clarinda Cram Walker in Salt Lake City, Utah on March 27, 1853. They settled near Aromas, California and had six children together. He died March 3, 1871 in Aromas, California.
George Platt Brett, Jr. (1893-1984) served at Chairman of the American division of Macmillan Publishing and secured publishing rights to Gone With the Wind.
Francesca Sanders is an award winning playwright from Portland, Oregon. Her plays include: Lilac Samba Rising From The Sugar Bowl Urashima Taro 8 Views Towards Center I Become A Guitar Ride The Rustling Wheat If You Take One Elf Off The Shelf Celeste and Starla Save Todd And Win Back The Day She has been the recipient of the Oregon Literary Fellowship for Drama and the Portland Civic Theatre Guild Fellowship For Theatrical Excellence. She has also been a Finalist for the Rosenthal New Play Prize and PlayLabs (Playwright's Center Minneapolis). She was the winner of The Lakewood Theatre New Play Competition Mercury Rising Playwriting Competition,. She won a women's work residency at New Perspectives Theatre in New York and has been commissioned by such places as Portland Center Stage Proving Ground (Salt Lake City) and Integrity Productions She has been selected to participate in: Seven Devil\u2019s Playwriting Conference and the Kennedy Center Summer Playwriting Intensive. Next up is Celeste and Starla Save Todd and Win Back the Day at The Bartell Theatre in Madison, Wisconsin and I Become A Guitar at the Kitchen Theatre in New York.
The William C. Nell House, now a private residence, was a boarding home located in 3 Smith Court in the Beacon Hill neighbourhood of Boston, Massachusetts, in front of what it was the African Meeting House, now Museum of African American History. It is a National Historic Landmark having been the residence of William Cooper Nell. He was an abolitionist, highly responsive to pressing concerns facing Boston\u2019s and the nation\u2019s black community, especially the struggle for equal school rights.
Kevin Joseph Morton (b. August 3, 1968 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. He batted right-handed and threw left-handed. Morton was selected in the first round with the 29th overall by the Boston Red Sox in the 1989 amateur draft. He made his major league debut on July 5, 1991 and pitched a complete game, beating the Detroit Tigers 10-1 at Fenway Park. He finished the season with the Red Sox with a 6-5 record and a total of 45 strikeouts in eighty-six and one-third innings. Morton spent the rest of his professional career in the minor leagues, remaining in Boston's system with the Pawtucket Red Sox for the 1992 season before moving on to the Memphis Chicks in 1993, the Norfolk Tides in 1994, and the Iowa Cubs in 1995 before retiring. In the minors, he compiled an 11-33 record with four complete games and 254 strikeouts in 441 innings.
Abunai! was a Psychedelic rock/space rock/folk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, USA active from 1996 to 2001 on the Australian Camera Obscura record label.
Pano Logic, Inc. is a privately funded company, developing desktop virtualization products and solutions supported by hypervisor server virtualization technology such as that distributed by VMware, Inc. The company has its headquarters in Menlo Park, California, United States.
Jim Spagg (born James Spaggnola, July 29, 1939 \u2013 May 8, 2004) was a U.S. artist and host of a controversial cable access television program in Portland, Oregon, United States from 1992 to 2003.
Bob Tiernan is a Republican American politician who served in the Oregon House of Representatives, representing Oregon's 24th House district, which included most of Lake Oswego and portions of southwestern Portland. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Oregon State University, a law degree from the University of Puget Sound, and an Master of Laws degree from Georgetown University. In 1992, he was elected to the Oregon House and served 2 two-year terms. In 1996, he lost to his 1994 opponent, Richard Devlin. In 2002, he ran for the Oregon State Senate to represent the 19th senate district, again facing Devlin, narrowly losing by a margin of 47% to 50%. In January 2009 he was elected as chair of the Oregon Republican Party. He and his wife Susan live in Lake Oswego. They have two adult children.
James Murdoch Austin (1915 \u2013 2000) was notable for his pioneering modeling of the meteorology of air pollution, especially that of smokestack particulates. He is also notable as the doctoral advisor of the pioneer of chaos theory and early practitioner of numerical weather prediction, Edward Norton Lorenz.
James E. Robinson, Jr. (July 10, 1918 &ndash; April 6, 1945) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II. Robinson joined the Army from Waco, Texas, and by April 6, 1945 was serving as a first lieutenant in Battery A, 861st Field Artillery Battalion, 63rd Infantry Division. During a battle on that day, near Untergriesheim, Germany, he led his company in an attack against German lines. Although severely wounded, he refused medical attention and continued on until the objective had been taken. He died of his wounds later that day. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on December 11, 1945. Robinson, aged 26 at his death, was buried in Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery, San Antonio, Texas.
Sy Richardson is an American film and television actor.
Three Hills-Airdrie is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1993 to 1997. The district was mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
Tony Butkovich (died April 18, 1945) was an American football fullback from the University of Illinois and spent his last year at Purdue. He was drafted by the Cleveland Rams in the first round of th 1944 NFL Draft, but never played professional football. Instead he enlisted in the US Marines and fought in World War II. He was killed in action at Okinawa.
Mackenzy Bernadeau (born January 3, 1986 in Waltham, Massachusetts) is an American football guard for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was drafted with the 250th pick by the Panthers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football at Bentley University.
Ashley Wheeler was crowned Miss Vermont 2008 on Saturday, April 26, 2008 in Barre, Vermont. Her vocal talent was singing \"The Prayer. \" Ashley's platform is Political Awareness Among Young Voters. She was competing for the title of Miss America 2009 in Las Vegas, Nevada in January and she won a Preliminary Talent Award for her a cappella vocal performance of \"God Bless America. \" This marked the first time a representative of the state of Vermont won a preliminary award at the Miss America Pageant. She was a native of Lyndonville, Vermont.
David Philipson (August 9, 1862 \u2013 June 29, 1949) was an American Reform rabbi, orator, and author. The son of German-Jewish immigrants, he was a member of the first graduating class of the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati, Ohio. As an adult, he was one of the leaders of American Reform Judaism and a philanthropic leader in his adopted hometown of Cincinnati. In addition to English, he spoke Hebrew, German, Arabic, Aramaic, and Amharic.
Charles W. \"Lefty\" Marr (September 19, 1862 in Cincinnati, Ohio - January 11, 1912 in New Britain, Connecticut), was a professional baseball player who played outfield and third base in the Major Leagues from 1886-1891. He would play for the Cincinnati Red Stockings (AA/NL), Columbus Solons, and Cincinnati Kelly's Killers.
Pamela Hill is an American stage and screen actress. Pamela Hill was born and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. She has appeared as the Court Reporter on the television series Divorce Court. She also worked as a stand-in in such notable films as Fight Club, Snake Eyes and Boys and Girls, and played a blackjack dealer opposite Jerry Springer on Days of our Lives. She was interviewed by WLW Radio in Cincinnati about working on the show. Pamela has also appeared on several game shows including Identity, Match Game, and Wheel of Fortune.
Marine Scout Bombing Squadron 244 (VMSB-244) was a dive bomber squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CBombing Banshees\u201D, fought in World War II in the Pacific Theater as part of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing. They were deactivated shortly after the end of the war.
Athabasca-Lac La Biche was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada from 1986 until 1993, when it was dissolved.
Jamie Langley is Miss Alabama 2007, a news anchor for WAKA CBS 8, and toured the state as a motivational speaker, spokeswoman, advocate and performer. She participated in Miss America in January 2008.
George Willis \"Kiddo\" Davis (February 12, 1902 in Bridgeport, Connecticut - March 4, 1983 in Bridgeport, Connecticut), was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of eight seasons in the majors, 1926 and 1932-1938. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds, New York Giants, New York Yankees, and Philadelphia Phillies.
Joseph P. Crotty was a 19th century professional baseball catcher. Crotty played from 1882&ndash;1886 in the American Association for the Louisville Eclipses, St. Louis Brown Stockings, and New York Metropolitans and for the Cincinnati Outlaw Reds in the Union Association.
The Luxury is a Boston-based Britrock band, formed in the summer of 2005. The Luxury's music is a mix of contemporary and classic British and American-flavored original rock that has been likened to artists ranging from Stereophonics and The Beatles to R.E.M. and Tom Petty. The band started out with a short-lived lineup brought together by local DJ David Virr (aka Dave Duncan). Over the course of 2006 the lineup of the band evolved, beginning with guitarist/vocalist Jason Dunn and drummer Stephen Foster, joined by Ultrasonic Rock Orchestra guitarist Daanen Krouth, bassist Justin Day and keyboardist Brooks Milgate (who would later leave the group to pursue his own projects, to be replaced by Steven Borek). In spring 2007, the debut album This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things arrived. Heralded in local and national press as a success, the record entered the College Music Journal top 200 at #152 upon its distribution, debuting as the 13th most added disc in the nation (independent or label-supported). In Boston, Dunn has been nominated for \"Best Vocalist\" a total of 4 times, by the Boston Phoenix, WBZ-TV, and The Noise. The Luxury benefits from having two audio engineers (Dunn and Foster) in the group. In May 2008, the band ran into a snag involving Amazon. com and the Toccoa-based Christian rock band Luxury (band) (largely inactive since the mid 90's) - it appeared that the megasite had grouped both bands' mp3s together into one online store, meaning that payments for downloads were also being grouped together. The situation is still being looked into. In July 2008, the British rock group Coldplay chose The Luxury from the top three of a pool of over 400 Boston-area bands to open their August 4th, 2008 concert at Boston's TD Banknorth Garden. The selection process was sponsored and watched over by Boston alternative rock station WFNX, and involved a whittling down to 15 contenders by the station, online fan voting, and then ultimately a selection by Coldplay themselves. On April 24, 2009, the band won the 31st Annual WBCN Rock &amp; Roll Rumble, held at The Middle East (nightclub) in Cambridge, MA. Each year, WBCN invites 24 of the over 3,000 bands in Boston and the surrounding area to compete in this friendly competition, which annually generates publicity and awareness for the bands, while simultaneously increasing awareness of Boston's music scene with extensive press and radio coverage. On July 11th, 2009, The Luxury released their sophomore album In The Wake of What Won't Change with a CD Release Party at the Paradise Rock Club in Boston, MA. The Click Five, Midatlantic and Aloud were the supporting acts for the evening. The band is now looking into touring the east coast this fall in support of the new album.
John F. Shoupe (born September 30, 1851 in Cincinnati &ndash; died February 13, 1920 in Cincinnati) was a 19th century professional baseball player. Shoupe appeared in 11 games for the Troy Trojans in 1879, 2 games for the St. Louis Brown Stockings in 1882, and 1 game for the Washington Nationals (UA) in 1884.
Marine Fighting Squadron 452 (VMF-452) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps that was commissioned and fought during World War II. Known as the \u201CSky Raiders\u201D, they flew the F4U Corsair, and the Grumman TBF Avenger, fell under the command of Marine Carrier Group 5 (MCVG-5) and fought in the Battle of Okinawa. The squadron is best known for being aboard the USS Franklin (CV-13) when she was severely damaged by Japanese kamikaze planes of the coast of Okinawa on March 19, 1945. VMF-452 was deactivated on December 31, 1949 and has remained in an inactive status since.
Equality is a utopian novel by Edward Bellamy, and the sequel to Looking Backward: 2000\u20131887 and was first published in 1897. The book contains a minimal amount of plot; Bellamy primarily used Equality to expand on the theories he first explored in Looking Backward.
Alonzo Levister (born November 1, 1925 in Greenwich, Connecticut) was a Third Stream composer and pianist. He is most known for his debut album Manhattan Melodrama, which came out in 1956. It included Louis Mucci, John LaPorta, and Teddy Charles.
Eksi Ekso (pronounced 'ex-ee ex-o') is a rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. The latest brainchild from the creative forces behind The Burning Paris and On Fire, Eksi Ekso is the convergence of atypical rock instrumentation, experimentation with form, and the breath of collaborative writing via six musicians coming from very different schools. Nate Shumaker (vocals/guitar), Tom Korkidis (vocals/bass/keys/samples), Sean Will (flugelhorn/trumpet/keys/samples), Clara Kebabian (violin/oboe/vocals), Beth Holub (viola), and Alex Mihm (drums/percussion) compose songs that play out like soundtracks to found footage reels.
The Boston Landmarks Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Ernest T. Cragg (January 19, 1922 \u2013 March 9, 2006) was a Major General in the United States Air Force.
Matthew Clarkson (April 1733 \u2013 October 5, 1800) was the mayor of Philadelphia from 1792 to 1796. He was elected to the Confederation Congress in 1785, but did not attend.
John Phillip Feldmeier is an attorney with the Cincinnati, Ohio law firm of Sirkin, Pinales, &amp; Schwartz LLP, where he practices in the areas of criminal defense and first amendment litigation. He served as co-counsel for the Free Speech Coalition, along with H. Louis Sirkin and Laura A. Abrams, in Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, in which the United States Supreme Court struck down the \"appears to be a minor\" and \"conveys the impression of a minor\" provisions of the Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996. Feldmeier represented Beth Lewis in the Ohio Supreme Court case concerning attorney-client privilege in connection to the Erica Baker missing child investigation. In 2003, he testified before the United States House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security regarding the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act of 2003, part of the PROTECT Act of 2003. In 2007, Feldmeier authored a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of the Free Speech Coalition in the U.S. v Williams case, the contents of which were the subject of much of the focus of the opinions of both the majority and dissent. He also has served in the past as an Adjunct Professor at Miami University, where he taught Constitutional Law, and he currently holds the position of Associate Professor of Political Science at Wright State University. He is a board member of the Greater Cincinnati Criminal Defense Lawyers Association and an active member of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers.
\"The Acro-Brats\" are a Punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 2002. They released their first album, Kicking &amp; Screaming in 2003 and their second, ... Go Down Swinging! in 2006. Their song \"Callout\" was featured as a bonus song in Guitar Hero. Also, their song \"Laughtrack\" was a bonus track in Guitar Hero II. In 2007, their song \"Day Late, Dollar Short\" is a track featured as a bonus song in Rock Band. The 5-song EP, Hey Medusa was released in December, 2009.
Matt McCormick is a Portland, Oregon based artist and filmmaker. He is an award winning filmmaker and noted video installation artist, his work extends documentary and experimental filmmaking, focusing on the sublime decay of contemporary culture and the landscape both urban and rural. Matt McCormick is an artist and filmmaker whose success spans both the art and independent film worlds. He has had three films screen at the Sundance Film Festival, has had work exhibited at Art Basil, The Moscow Biennial, and the Museum of Modern Art, and his film The Subconscious Art of Graffiti Removal was named in \u2018Top 10 film lists of 2002\u2019 in both Art Forum Magazine and the Village Voice. He has also directed music videos for The Shins, Sleater- Kinney, and YACHT, while also collaborating on projects with artists such as Miranda July, James Mercer, Patton Oswalt, and Calvin Johnson. His work spans mediums and defies genre distinctions to fashion witty, abstract observations of contemporary culture and the urban landscape. His project Future So Bright maps and catalogs the abandoned spaces in the American West, while American Nutria examines the plight of an imported species while chastising capitalism\u2019s tendency to create its own disasters. The Subconscious Art of Graffiti Removal makes the observation that the process of destroying one art form unwittingly creates another, while his installation piece Ride a Wave To Tomorrow\u2019s Sunset reflects on society\u2019s need for \u2018synthetic meditation\u2019. A collection of Matt\u2019s music and sound recordings titled Very Stereo was released in 2007 by Marriage Records, and his photography and installation work is represented by the Elizabeth Leach Gallery. Matt is also the founder of both the internationally recognized video distribution label Peripheral Produce and the Portland Documentary and eXperimental Film Festival; Portland\u2019s premiere event for experimental, documentary, and otherwise obscure contemporary cinema. In 2008 McCormick began production on his first feature length project called Some Days are Better Than Others, starring James Mercer and Carrie Brownstein, which plans to be released in the fall of 2009.
Collin Hegna is an Portland, Oregon-based indie rock musician.
Larissa Kelly (born 1980) is a Jeopardy! contestant who resides in El Cerrito, California. During her regular run on Jeopardy!, she won a total of $222,597 over seven games, with her last appearance airing May 28, 2008. Excluding tournament winnings, Kelly is the game's third all-time non-tournament money winner, and the biggest non-tournament money winner in the show's history among female contestants. In addition to being the highest-winning female contestant in regular play, Kelly set the record, formerly held by Jennings, for most money won in a contestant's first five games ($179,797). Kelly is also the second-highest winning female contestant in any single game in Jeopardy!'s history. Kelly's $45,200 performance narrowly trails Maria Wenglinsky, who won $46,600 on November 1, 2005.
Archibald L. McDougall (1817 &ndash; June 23, 1864) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who commanded the 123rd New York Infantry early in the war and subsequently led a brigade at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Ruth Pierce Posselt (September 6, 1914, Medford, Massachusetts \u2013 February 19, 2007) was an American violinist and educator.
There for Tomorrow is an alternative rock band formed in Orlando, Florida in 2003. They were signed to Hopeless Records in 2008. There for Tomorrow formed in 2003 at a time when all of its members were teenagers (although Christian Climer did not join the band until 2006). They were originally called The Kick Off, but changed their name after playing numerous local shows. The band's debut album Point of Origin was released on 30 April 2004. They began playing local radio station showcase concerts, which led to stints on the southeastern leg of the Vans Warped Tour in 2006 and 2007. After the tour, they met with James Paul Wisner, who produced their 2007 Pages EP, which attracted the attention of the alternative rock label Hopeless Records. He returned to produce their self titled EP, released on 5 August 2008, featuring the first single \"No More Room to Breathe. \" Just over three months later, the band won the MTVU Woodie Award for breakout artist of the year, beating established acts such as All Time Low, and We the Kings. In February 2009, the band joined We the Kings with other bands on the Secret Valentine Tour. They also played on the 2009 Warped Tour. A Little Faster, There for Tomorrow's debut full-length album on Hopeless Records, was released on 9 June 2009. The band will also be a part of the 2010 Take Action Tour along with bands such as We The Kings, Mayday Parade, &amp; A Rocket To The Moon. The group is influenced by bands such as Jimmy Eat World, Blink-182, Third Eye Blind, and The Hives.
Final game was played on November, 7th, 2004. in Kragujevac on \u010Cika Da\u010Da football field, where home team Kragujevac Wild Boars defeated Belgrade Vukovi 21-6.
William Gibb Dyer (aka Bill Dyer) was an American educator who served as the fourth Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University (BYU). He received a B.A. from BYU in 1950, followed by a M.A. from the same institution two years later. In 1955 he earned a Ph.D. in Social psychology from the University of Wisconsin. Bill's academic and professional careers focused on the topics of organizational change and team dynamics. While a professor, Dyer concurrently worked as a consultant. Bill co-founded Dyer &amp; Associates with sons W. Gibb Dyer, Jr. and Jeff H. Dyer (who are also BYU professors). As part of this venture, Bill consulted companies including Exxon, General Foods, AT&amp;T, and Honeywell. Bill was also a founding partner of Business for Social Responsibility, Inc. Author of Team Building, Dyer also co-developed of the world's first 360-degree feedback instrument to evaluate managerial style and effectiveness. Bill taught at BYU in the Marriott School of Management for 30 years and helped organize the school's Department of Organizational Behavior, serving as its first chair. He served as Dean of the Marriott School from 1979 to 1984, during which time the school's Tanner Building was constructed. Dyer had five children and was an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints\u2014having served as a stake president, bishop, and full-time missionary. In Fall 2003, BYU memorialized Dyer by creating the William G. Dyer Institute for Leading Organizational Change within the Marriott School of Management.
Sirmium Legionaries is the oldest American football club in Serbia, founded in 2002 in Sremska Mitrovica. From its inception the team grew rapidly, becoming one of the most organized and successful clubs in the region. The home town of the Legionaries, the city of Sremska Mitrovica, has its historical roots in the Roman period. This led to the club name (they were brave and fearless roman soldiers). During the 2003 season, the club played only friendly games. First, the National League of Serbia took place in 2004. The Legionaries finished third in the regular season, reaching the playoffs, where they were beaten by Vukovi Beograd. Next year, the National League wasn\u2019t played, but the National Cup was. The Legionaries finished third again, behind the Kragujevac Wild Boars and Vukovi Belgrade. In 2006 the club entered the regional Southeastern European League of American Football, losing seven games and winning one game in Slovenia. At the end of the season the club won its first trophy \u2013 Crobowl in Zagreb, Croatia. The Legionaries beat the Ljubljana Silverhawks in the semifinal and the Trieste Mustangs in the final of the tournament. In 2007 the team played in the National Championship of Serbia. In that competition the Legionaries finished second in regular season, but lost the semifinal playoff game against the Klek Knights.
Ned Burke is a former American football coaching assistant for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.
Stephen Michael Strachan (born March 22, 1963 in Everett, Massachusetts) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He played for the Los Angeles Raiders. He played college football for the Boston College Eagles. He was the MVP of the 1985 Cotton Bowl Classic. He had 23 carries for 91 yards and two touchdowns.
Michael John Esposito (born April 24, 1953 in Everett, Massachusetts) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He played for the Atlanta Falcons. He played college football for the Boston College Eagles.
The Boston Classical Orchestra is a chamber orchestra based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1980 by the violinist Robert Brink. The orchestra's music director is Steven Lipsitt. It performs at Faneuil Hall. The orchestra has performed music by Tison Street.
Proofpoint, Inc. is an email security, Email archiving, and data loss prevention solution vendor based in Sunnyvale, California. Founded in June 2002, its first product was the Proofpoint Protection Server for medium and large businesses. Incorporating what was described as \u201CMLX Technology\u201D, proprietary Machine learning algorithms applied to the problem of accurately identifying spam email, the company expanded with email encryption and virtual appliance products as well as software-as-a-service offerings.
Peter Augustus Porter (July 14, 1827 &ndash; June 3, 1864) was a Union Army colonel in the American Civil War. He died in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
International Superheroes of Hardcore are a parodical hardcore punk band. The band is a side project of New Found Glory and features all five members. Chad Gilbert and Jordan Pundik switched duties to vocals and guitar, respectively. The remaining three members play the same instruments as in New Found Glory. All five members use pseudonyms rooted in hardcore and punk culture (bassist Ian Grushka's pseudonym of \"Sgt. Soy\" is a reference to both the prevalence of vegetarianism/veganism in hardcore and punk communities as well as his own vegetarianism). The band has released one album, 2008's Takin' it Ova!. It was included with the New Found Glory EP Tip of the Iceberg, it is also available separately on 12\" Vinyl. The band's songs are typically humorous in nature and tackle topics such as Back to the Future and \"Superhero Sellouts.\"
York South was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It was formed in 1974 when the former multi-member electoral district of York County was split into York North and York South. In the electoral redistribution of 1994, York South was divided between the new electoral districts of York and New Maryland and the existing districts of Fredericton South and Woodstock.
Amanda Tapley is Miss Alabama 2008.
Mary Beth Ellis (January 15, 1977) is an American humorist writer and author of Drink to the Lasses, a memoir of her experiences at a women's college. Her work has appeared in Random House's Twentysomething Essays by Twentysomething Writers, on msnbc. com, in Air &amp; Space, and elsewhere. She blogs at BlondeChampagne. com. Dish Pronto asked her to provide content for its television column, The Side Dish. The subjects of her writing range may from thoroughbred horse racing to NASA, but her writing is best known for its personal, observational essays marked with transitions from surprising insight to sharp humor. A 1999 graduate of Saint Mary's College of Notre Dame, where she was the first SMC student to read at University of Notre Dame's Sophomore Literary Festival, she holds an MFA in nonfiction writing and literature from Bennington College. She lives near Washington, D.C..
Acadia-Coronation is a former Alberta provincial electoral district.
Beaver River is a former Alberta provincial electoral district.
Bruce is a former Alberta provincial electoral district.
Clover Bar is a former Alberta provincial electoral district.
Fredy Peccerelli (b. 1971), a forensic anthropologist, is the Director and one of the founding members of the Guatemalan Forensic Anthropology Foundation in Guatemala City, a nongovernmental organization that exhumes mass graves of victims of Guatemala's civil war. Peccerelli, along with members of his immediate family, has been the subject of repeated death threats as a result of his work. In 1999, he was chosen by CNN and Time Magazine as one of the \"50 Latin American Leaders for the New Millennium. \" In addition to his ongoing work in Guatemala, Peccerelli has conducted exhumations of mass graves in post-war Bosnia and Herzegovina. He testified about this work at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia on 13 March, 2007.
Mark Mancuso is an American meteorologist formerly employed by The Weather Channel in Atlanta, Georgia and now with AccuWeather in State College, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a B.S. in Meteorology.
As its name indicates, this is a fish soup, because the Guarani word \"Pira\" means \"fish\". It is part of traditional cuisine and Paraguayan, as other samples of it, has high caloric value. This reflects the fact that any popular Paraguayan gastronomy, which solidifies as a small family industry after the War of Paraguay against Triple Alliance, is very blunt in caloric content because of the situation in the country after the genocide which meant that great war made food scarce, whose reason for all the dishes authentically Paraguayans have high protein content in response to the fact that daily meals were limited.
Galen Giaccone is an American beauty queen from Wyoming, Delaware who was crowned Miss Delaware 2008 and competed for the title of Miss America 2009 which was ultimately won by Katie Stam of Indiana. Galen was a recipient of the Preliminary Talent Award and a Top Fifteen Semi-Finalist during the live telecast of the Miss America competition. She was also a Gold Sash winner during TLC's pre-pageant reality series Countdown To The Crown. Galen's preliminary talent win was Delaware's first since Junnie Cross in 2001 and her semi-finalist placement was the first for Delaware since Debora Lipford in 1977. Galen is a student at the University of Delaware studying Biology with declared minors in Piano Performance and Biochemistry. She was fourth runner-up in the 2007 Miss Delaware contest and was Delaware's Junior Miss 2006. At the 2008 Miss Delaware Friday night preliminary competition she won the talent award. Galen shares her reign with Miss Delaware's Outstanding Teen 2008 Amanda Debus. Galen is an accomplished pianist and performed El Cumbanchero. She was awarded a Preliminary Talent Award at the 2009 Miss America Pageant. Her personal platform is Dental Outreach. Galen crowned her successor, Heather Lehman, in June 2009. Galen was also Delaware's Junior Miss 2006, competing in the America's Junior Miss National Finals in Mobile, Alabama. www. ajm. org
Norwest Venture Partners (NVP) is a global, multi-stage investment firm focused on investments in early to late stage venture and growth equity investments in U.S. and global companies across a wide range of sectors including: information technology, business services, financial services and consumer. The firm, which traces its roots back to 1961 manages more than $3.7 billion in venture capital and has funded over 450 companies since inception. The firm is headquartered in Palo Alto, California with offices in Mumbai and Bangalore, India and Herzelia, Israel.
Kaleidescape, Inc. is a Sunnyvale, California-based private company, founded in 2001, which designs multi-room home entertainment server systems that store and stream video and audio content (such as movies, television shows, and music) to \"player\" appliances connected to televisions. The company began marketing its products in 2003. Research and development is carried out partly by Kaleidescape Canada, Inc. based in Waterloo, Ontario.
Thomas B. Smith was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1916 until 1920. He was a Republican.
J. J. Osbun, born in Philadelphia, PA, is an entertainment industry professional based out of Los Angeles, California. He is primarily known for his work within the budding new media niche; particularly Tibet: The Truth (A Political History), a nine minute docu-commentary clarifying the stance of the anti-Free Tibet movement of March and April 2008.
Donald \"Don\" Cunningham is the current Chief Executive of Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. He is also the a former Secretary in the Pennsylvania Department of General Services, as well as Mayor and Councilman of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. A Democrat, Cunningham was also a rumored candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania in 2010.
The Dark Romantics are an American indie rock band. Formed in Lakeland, Florida in 2005, they have been signed to Lujo Records and have released two albums and two EPs that have each been internationally distributed.
Hon. George W. Hayes 1998 was a former slave and first black court crier in Cincinnati, Hamilton County, Ohio. Mr. Hayes married Mamie Forte in 1874 and they had five children. He later served three terms in the Ohio General Assembly, as a Republican. He and his family were members of the Union Baptist Church, Cincinnati. Hayes Elementary School in Cincinnati is named for him. He is buried in the Union Baptist Cemetery in the Price Hill neighborhood of Cincinnati.
Vollee is an Israeli and American technology company that develops software intended to allow users to remotely interact with CPU-intensive PC applications by streaming input and output data back and forth across a network. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, its primary focus involves enabling PC games to be played on 3G-compatible mobile phones. As of this time, Vollee appears to no longer exist. Phone numbers for their California office have been disconnected and their website is no longer reachable. A Mirror of it also appeared but it has been removed as well.
Nick Kahl is a Democratic politician from Oregon. In the 2008 Oregon legislative elections, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 49 in east Multnomah County, including the cities of Fairview, Troutdale, Wood Village, Oregon, and a portion of Gresham.
Ensign Rodney Shelton Foss (May 8, 1919 \u2013 December 7, 1941) was a United States Navy officer during World War II. He was killed at Pearl Harbor in the opening attack, possibly the first American to be killed in the war.
Danny Adler is a blues-rock guitarist. After playing with leading Cincinnati musicians, such as Bootsy Collins, Slim Harpo, H-Bomb Ferguson and Albert Washington, in the early 1960s, he went to San Francisco in 1969 to join John Lee Hooker, T-Bone Walker, Solomon Burke, and experimental group Elephant's Memory. Moving to England in 1971, he founded Roogalator, one of the first signings by the fledgling Stiff Records, as well as appearing regularly with Rocket 88, the back-to-the-roots boogie-woogie band which included Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, Ian Stewart, Jack Bruce and many other leading UK-based musicians. In 1980 he put together another blues-rock revival band, the De Luxe Blues Band, with Bob Hall, Bob Brunning and Micky Waller. Dick Heckstall-Smith would join soon after. The band originated as a pick-up band to accompany visiting American blues performers Eddie Clearwater and Carey Bell but stayed together for over 12 years and recorded 5 albums. They disbanded when Adler returned to the US, although Brunning would later revive the band with a new lineup.
Miriam Ivette Pab\u00F3n Carri\u00F3n (born on January 3, 1985 in New York, USA) is a beauty pageant titleholder from Puerto Rico. Most recently Miriam represented Puerto Rico at the Miss International 2008 pageant held in Macau on November 8, 2008 where she placed as one of the Top 12 semi-finalists . On July 31, 2009, Pab\u00F3n was crowned Miss Puerto Rico America 2009, and represented Puerto Rico at the Miss America 2010 pageant.
Alan Light is an American journalist who has been a rock critic for Rolling Stone, an editor for Spin, and a co-founder of Spin\u2019s sister publication VIBE. Light grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he attended Cincinnati Country Day School. His mother was a top dance reviewer for the local newspaper. He graduated from Yale University in 1988, majoring in American Studies, and wrote his senior thesis on Licensed to Ill by the Beastie Boys. Light had been an intern at Rolling Stone during their 20th Anniversary year while still a student. He later joined the staff as a fact checker in 1989, soon becoming a Senior Writer. In 1993, he became the founding music editor of VIBE magazine, later becoming editor in chief. In 1999 he became editor in chief for Spin.. He left Spin in March 2002. Light then got a spot as music reviewer on radio station WFUV, and serves as music correspondent on NPR show Weekend America. He has worked as consultant for the Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame.. He is also heavily involved in assisting homeless people with the Housing Works AIDS charity.
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 467 (HMLA-467) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of AH-1W SuperCobra attack helicopters and UH-1N Twin Huey utility helicopters. The squadron, nicknamed the \"Sabers\", is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 (MAG-29) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The squadron's aircraft markings are grey &amp; white stripes on the aircraft tail to replicate the tail markings on a Diamondback Rattlesnake and the markings on the lighthouses in North Carolina. The stand-up of HMLA-467 is part of the Commandant\u2019s plan to \u201Cgrow the force\u201D to better meet the demands of the Long War and the complexities of an evolving global threat. They were activated in October 2008.
The Huntington Theatre Company is a non-profit professional theater company in Boston, Massachusetts. The Huntington has garnered six Elliot Norton Awards and three Tony Award nominations for productions that were transferred to Broadway after critically acclaimed productions in Boston. The Huntington produces its season in the 890-seat Boston University Theater and in the Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts. Past productions include Wishful Drinking with Carrie Fisher, Alfred Hitchcock's The 39 Steps, Two Men of Florence by Richard Goodwin, She Loves Me directed by Nicholas Martin, and Radio Golf, Gem of the Ocean, and seven other plays by August Wilson. The Calderwood Pavilion opened in 2004, and is operated by the Huntington Theatre Company. It houses the 360 seat Virginia Wimberly Theatre, the Nancy and Edward Roberts Studio Theatre, Carol G. Deane Hall, and Hall A. The Huntington also operates BostonTheatreScene. com where tickets are sold for productions at the Boston University Theatre, the BCA Theatres on the Plaza, and Calderwood Pavilion at the BCA. The 2009-2010 Season of American plays includes August Wilson's Fences, Maureen McGovern's A Long and Winding Road, Paula Vogel's A Civil War Christmas, All My Sons by Arthur Miller, Stick Fly by Lydia Diamond, Becky Shaw by Gina Gionfriddo, and Prelude to a Kiss by Craig Lucas.
John Hunter Wickersham (1890 \u2013 September 12, 1918) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War I.
Alguashte is a seasoning typical of Salvadoran cuisine made from gound pepitas, and is used on both sweet or savoury meals. Simple to make; it is often prepared at home, however it can also be purchased pre-packaged as well as from street vendors often as an addition to a meal or snack. It is added to foods such as beans and eggs, and to fruits such as unripe mango, as well as to soups dishes such as shuco.
Rebecca Robinson is the current title holder of Miss Texas, and will compete in the Miss America pageant in 2009. She is a former Miss Teen Texas title holder. Her talent performed during the competition is tap dancing. Robinson graduated from Buffalo High School and from Texas A&amp;M University with a degree in Spanish.
Ka\u2019i ladrillo is a typical dessert of the Paraguayan popular gastronomy prepared mainly with peanuts and molasses. As all the dishes of Paraguayan cuisine, the \u201Cka\u2019i ladrillo\u201D is rich in proteins and calories. This fact is not casual and has historic and scientific reason to be.
Paraguay cheese is a cows' milk cheese from Paraguay. It gives the Paraguayan cuisine a high value in calories and proteins, especially in the salted dishes recipes, very characteristic of the country and important part of its culture. This has historical and scientific reasons. It is a special type of cheese that is made from \u201Ccurd\u201D (a preparation that is made by mixing milk with rennet, part of the digestive tract of certain ruminant animals that secretes lactic acid during the digestion process), generally has salt and since it\u2019s made with whole milk, is very creamy and nutritious. It is soft and with some acid flavor, and can be preserved for about 45 days.
Soyo is a thick soup of meat crushed in a mortar, seasoned with several spices and vegetables. It is a meal that is always found in the traditional Paraguayan cooking and as all the others, has an important caloric value. Even though it used to be considered as a meal only eaten by the people of scarce resources, it has become extraordinarily popular in every social stratum in Paraguay.
Almoj\u00E1bana is a type of bread made of corn flour, typical of some South American countries. This bread is a staple in Panama and Colombia where it is sold throughout Panamanian and Colombian bakeries.
Pandeyuca (Spanish for Cassava bread) is a type of bread made of cassava starch and cheese typical of Southern Colombia.
Kevin Nee (born August 21, 1985) is an American professional Strongman athlete. He is notable as being the youngest person to reach the finals in the World's Strongest Man championships. Born in Framingham, Massachusetts, Nee began his strength training at the age of 14. As a high school student at Hopedale High School in Hopedale, Massachusetts, he began competing in the teenage level Strongman competitions. He won the teenage heavyweight division of 2002 USA Teenage Strongman, which earned him coverage in Sports Illustrated's \u201CFaces in the Crowd\u201D column. To date, Nee has competed in five of the World's Strongest Man championships. In 2005, he competed in the tournament held in Chengdu, China; at the age of 20, he made history as the youngest competitor ever to compete in this annual sports event. Nee also competed in the 2006 World's Strongest Man championship in Sanya, China. In both the Chengdu and Sanya tournaments, Nee did not make it to the final round of competition. In 2007, at the World's Strongest Man championship held in Long Beach, California, Nee made it to the final round and finished in eighth place. He has also competed in the annual World's Strongest Man Super Series Competition at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut, where he finished fifth in 2006 and second in 2007. While he was training for the 2005 World's Strongest Man championship, Nee was featured in a 2005 episode of the MTV reality show True Life: I Want the Perfect Body 2. It was in the same episode that it was mentioned he was named the Strongest Teen in the United States. In 2007, Men's Fitness magazine named him among the world's \u201C25 Fittest Men\u201D, in the company of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, Los Angeles Galaxy soccer star David Beckham, and entertainers Matt Damon and Justin Timberlake. The 6'1, 260-pound Nee, who has a degree in supply chain management from Arizona State University, resides in the Phoenix, Arizona area.
A flan is an open-topped pie, similar to a quiche but, especially in savoury versions, lacking the custard-style filling. The base is of shortcrust pastry, distinguishing it from the tart, which more often has a puff pastry base. It is also filled with custard in Mexico and marc in Brazil. The British savoury flans may have diverged from the sweeter Spanish flans in the Middle Ages. In Latin America, the sweet flan is popular, and many local versions exist, including the Flan napolitano from Mexico, flan de coco from Costa Rica and the widespread flan de leche, often eaten with cream.
Martin O. May (April 18, 1922 &ndash; April 21, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration\u2014the Medal of Honor\u2014for his actions in World War II.
Richard J. Berardino (born July 2, 1937, at Cambridge, Massachusetts) is a player development consultant for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball. A former outfielder and longtime manager in minor league baseball, he also spent three years (1989-91) as a coach with the Red Sox. As a player, Berardino batted and threw right-handed, stood 6'1\" (185 cm) tall and weighed 190 pounds (86 kg). A three-sport star at Watertown, Massachusetts, High School, Berardino graduated from the College of the Holy Cross in 1959 after leading the Crusaders to the 1958 NCAA District One baseball championship. He signed with the New York Yankees upon graduation and batted .378 in his first professional season, with the Modesto Reds of the Class C California League. He reached Triple-A for three seasons (1962-64), playing for the Richmond Virginians, Indianapolis Indians and Spokane Indians, but never broke through to the major league level. Berardino compiled a record of 753 wins and 858 losses (.467) with two championships in 21 seasons (1966-67; 1971-85; 1987-88; 1997-98) as a minor league manager. Nineteen of those 21 seasons were spent in short-season leagues. Berardino managed two full-season Class A clubs, the Greensboro Hornets of the South Atlantic League in 1987, and the Lynchburg Red Sox of the Carolina League the following season. His managing career began in the Yankee organization, where he handled Rookie-level clubs in the Gulf Coast and Appalachian leagues. In 1968, Berardino joined the Red Sox organization as a minor league coach, and 2010 marks his 43rd consecutive year with Boston. From 1971 through 1985, he spent 15 consecutive seasons as the manager of the Red Sox' Short Season Class A New York-Penn League farm clubs, the Williamsport Red Sox and the Elmira Pioneers/Red Sox/Suns. He returned to the NY-PL a dozen years later, in 1997-98, as manager of the Lowell Spinners. In addition to his minor league managerial and coaching assignments, and his three years as bullpen and third-base coach on the staff of Joe Morgan in Boston, he also has served the Red Sox as field coordinator and assistant field coordinator of minor league instruction and roving outfield and baserunning coach.
Caligari Corporation was founded in 1985 by Roman Ormandy. A prototype 3D video animation package for the Amiga Computer, which led to the incorporation of Octree Software in 1986. From 1988 to 1992, Octree released several software packages including Caligari1, Caligari2, Caligari Broadcast, and Caligari 24. Caligari wanted to provide inexpensive yet professional industrial video and corporate presentation software. In 1993, Octree Software moved from New York to California and became known as Caligari Corporation. In 1994 trueSpace 1.0 was introduced on the Windows platform. In early 2008, the company was acquired by Microsoft. On 21 May 2009, Caligari announced that Microsoft will cease to provide support for Caligari trueSpace. The website and forums may also be affected, and some services will cease to operate from May 22 2009.
Indorphine was an alternative metal band from Orlando, Florida.
Tom Gorrio is a Peruvian-American singer-songwriter based in Miami, Florida. Tom expressed early interest in music while growing up in the United States and traveling back and forth from Lima, Peru. His family worked in various industries before becoming involved in the Karaoke industry in the United States. Spanish music and Latin dance were a large part of Tom's life growing up and have had an influence on his music, which has a distinctly Spanish and world music themes. Tom's parents are avid dancers in the Miami Salsa and Meringue communities and great supporters of his music. Gorrio is the primary songwriter and performer for Baby Calendar, Call it Radar, and former project Lasso the Moon. Since 2004, he has performed as Tom Gorrio and has released 2 EP's as part of this project, which in the past has featured guest Miami musicians including Jackie Biver and Arik Dayan of Baby Calendar. Gorrio is scheduled to perform at the 2008 Athens Popfest and is affiliated with Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records.
East Kootenay was a provincial electoral district in use in British Columbia from 1890 to 1898. That riding's predecessor (and that of its onetime sibling, West Kootenay) was the original Kootenay riding, and its successors were East Kootenay South and East Kootenay North.
The Academia Guatemalteca de la Lengua (Spanish for Guatemaian Academy of Language) is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Guatemala. It was founded on June 30, 1887. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.
AiLive Inc. , formerly iKuni, is a Mountain View, California based software company. The company was founded in 2000 by software programmer and developer Wei Yen. The company has worked closely with Nintendo on the development of motion-sensing hardware, tools and software for the Wii video game console. AiLive is responsible for the LiveMove series of products. Introduced in 2006, the system uses machine learning technology to facilitate the development of motion recognition packages for individual games. Developers can use the software to build classifiers from provided examples of specific motions to be included in each game. The LiveMove system is used for development of games for the Wii. Though initially released for professional developers of Wii games, the software was designed for use by independent developers as well, with a goal of expanding the possibilities of the new console and Wii Remote interface. A new version of the software, LiveMove 2, was announced on July 7, 2008. Like the previous version, LiveMove 2 was developed specifically to work with Nintendo hardware - in this case, the software is a development tool for use with the Wii MotionPlus attachment that AiLive helped develop. On June 2, 2009, following the unveiling of PlayStation Move at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009, AiLive announced the release of LiveMove 2 for PlayStation 3. Through a partnership between AiLive and Sony, the LiveMove 2 software will be made available to all registered PlayStation 3 developers.
Tanya Barfield is an African-American playwright and actress whose works have been presented both nationally and internationally with such festivals and companies as the Arena Stage, The Royal Court Theatre, the New York Theatre Workshop, Seattle Repertory Theatre and the Hartford Stage. Her plays include: 121\u00B0 West, Blue Door, Defacing Patriotic Property, Dent, Foul Play, The Houdini Act, Medallion, Of Girl &amp; Wolf and Wanting North, Pecan Tan, The Quick, Snapshot and Without Skin or Breathlessness. She authored a book for a children's musical entitled '. Before becoming a playwright, Ms. Barfield was a solo performer, appearing in her one-woman show Without Skin or Breathlessness. She is a graduate of the Juilliard School's Playwriting Program and a recipient of the Helen Merrill Emerging Playwrights Award. She received a 2005 Honorable Mention for the Kesselring Prize for Drama, a 2006 Lark Play Development/NYSCA grant and she has been twice been a Finalist for the Princess Grace Award. She has been commissioned by Playwrights Horizons, Center Theatre Group, South Coast Repertory, Primary Stages and Geva Theatre Center. In the 2006-2007 season, her play, Blue Door, was produced at Playwrights Horizons, South Coast Repertory; Seattle Repertory, Berkeley Repertory, Harare International Festival of the Arts, Zimbabwe. Blue Door is published by Dramatists Play Service. Blue Door was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. On June 29, 2008, her play Of Equal Measure, NAACP Theatre Awards nominee, premiered at the Kirk Douglas Theatre in Culver City, California through the sponsorship of the National Endowment for the Arts.
A polvor\u00F3n is a type of Andalusian shortbread of Levantine origin popular in Spain and Latin America and other ex-spanish colonies such as the Philippines during Christmas. It is made of flour, sugar, milk, and nuts. They are normally produced from September to January but are now often available year round. There are about 70 factories in Andalusia that are part of a syndicate that produce polvorones and mantecados.
Red Abbott is a band whose members are based in New York City, Boston, Massachusetts and Portland, Maine and create electronic rock by emailing elements of songs to each other. Their debut album, Having Fun Without You, was self-released through Broken Treehouse Music in September, 2007.
Aaron Lopresti (born January 7, 1964) is an American comic book artist who has worked for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, and Image Comics. His first published work was the Malibu Comics title Sludge, in 1993. He has since gone on to illustrate such titles as Marvel's Captain Marvel and is currently the regular artist for DC's Wonder Woman.
George J. Yeager (June 5, 1874 - July 5, 1940) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for six seasons. He played for the Boston Beaneaters from 1896 to 1899, the Cleveland Blues in 1901, the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1901, the New York Giants in 1902, and the Baltimore Orioles in 1902.
Julius Ellsberry (1922 \u2014 December 7, 1941) was the first Alabamian killed in World War II, and one of the first Americans to die in the Pacific during World War II. Ellsberry was born in Birmingham, Alabama and was a graduate of Parker High School. He enlisted in the United States Navy in 1940, and was serving aboard the USS Oklahoma (BB-37) as a Mess Attendant First Class when it was bombed by Japanese planes in the surprise attack on December 7, 1941. He and 413 other crewmen were killed aboard the battleship. He was awarded a posthumous Purple Heart in honor of his sacrifice. A Navy press release followed shortly after the announcement of Ellsberry's death describing the heroism of another black seaman, then unidentified. Mess Attendant Second Class Doris Miller assumed control of a deck gun on the USS West Virginia (BB-48) after the gunner was killed and helped defend the ship. Media reports at the time often credited Ellsberry with Miller's heroism and the misidentification still sometimes persists. The Birmingham World labeled Ellsberry \"the Crispus Attucks of World War II\" . Birmingham's Black community raised over $300,000 in war bond purchases toward the completion of a B-24 Liberator named The Spirit of Ellsberry. Birmingham's Ellsberry Park near Finley Boulevard north of downtown was dedicated in his honor in 1979. A marker honoring Ellsberry's sacrifice has also been erected in Kelly Ingram Park, a park once only open to white citizens which is named for fellow Navy veteran and Birmingham native Osmond Kelly Ingram, the first American killed in World War I.
Shane Waldron (born August 17, 1979 in Portland, Oregon) is an American football coach who most recently served as tight ends coach for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. Waldron attended De La Salle North Catholic High School in Portland, Oregon. After a year at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, he played football at Tufts University as a tight end and long snapper from 1999 through 2002. Waldron then was hired by the New England Patriots and worked for head coach Bill Belichick, also a Phillips Academy alumnus, as a football operations assistant. In 2005, Waldron moved to the University of Notre Dame as an offensive graduate assistant, but returned to the Patriots in 2008 as an offensive coaching assistant. He was promoted to tight ends coach following the 2008 season. He left the team after the 2009.
Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 3 (VMU-3) is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) squadron in the United States Marine Corps that operates the RQ-7 Shadow. They are based out of Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California and its primary mission is to provide aerial surveillance for the I Marine Expeditionary Force. The unit also (in conjunction with VMU-1, also based at Twentynine Palms) provides Reconnaissance, Surveillance, and Target Acquisition (RSTA) to units participating in Mojave Viper, an exercise held several times a year on the base. The squadron, nicknamed the Phantoms, was activated on September 12, 2008 and falls under the command of Marine Air Control Group 38 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing . VMU-3 is the third UAV unit in the Marine Corps established to provide reconnaissance and assist with deployments and training of ground units. A third of the UAV Operators from VMU-1 and VMU-2 were reassigned to VMU-3 to provide the foundation for the new squadron. VMU-3 will reach a size of nearly 200 Marines in late 2009. In late September 2008, VMU-3 successfully flew the Shadow 200 UAV for the first time, and continues to fly missions in support of 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, I Marine Expeditionary Force, and the Tactical Training Exercise Control Group (TTECG) on a regular basis.
Pincher Creek is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1940.
Sturgeon is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1940 in Alberta, Canada.
Vermillion is a former provincial electoral district that existed from 1905 to 1921.
James Leo Dalton II (1910 - May 16, 1945) was a general and commander of United States Army forces during World War II. He graduated from West Point in 1933 and earned the Silver Star during the strategically significant Guadalcanal Campaign in which he commanded the 161st Infantry Regiment as a colonel. Dalton later commanded the 161st during the New Georgia Campaign in 1943 and Battle of Luzon in 1945 before being promoted and reassigned as assistant commander of the 25th Infantry Division. He was killed by a Japanese sniper during the Battle of Balete Pass on May 16, 1945.
Ricardo Falla-S\u00E1nchez (1932-) is a Guatemalan Jesuit and anthropologist. He studied in the United States and has dedicated his life to documenting the lives and cultures of the Quich\u00E9 [K'iche'] Maya Indians in Guatemala and other indigenous peoples in Central America. His writings document the massacres of Indian communities, their struggles for justice and human rights, and their revitalization with assistance by Catholic Action, an outside organization.
CGNET Services International, based in Menlo Park, California, is an example of an early pioneer in the field of international data communications. Although it continues to serve clients today, its most distinguished achievements took place in the 1980s and 1990s. Founded in 1983 by its CEO Georg Lindsey, CGNET claims to have built some of the earliest international email networks, providing custom email services over the Dialcom network in 1984 and later moving to the Internet. Prior to the Internet, organizations usually sent mail over private data networks. While individuals could use email services on some value-added carriers, they had not been configured to serve organizations. CGNET changed this when it set up organizational communications over Dialcom. In the 1990s, it performed a similar feat by providing its customers with an early version of Voice over IP, which did not use the VoIP protocols, but made it possible to transmit voice over IP networks using statistical multiplexing. CGNET's first client was the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), from which CGNET derived its name. Since then, virtually all of its customers are reported to be nonprofits, foundations or non-governmental organizations. CGNET's international experience includes several times when it has relocated clients' facilities or rerouted their email because their offices have been caught in the middle of armed rebellions or similar disorders.
Matt Wingard is an American politician in the state of Oregon. He won the Republican nomination to represent District 26 in the Oregon House of Representatives in May 2008.
John Snead is a freelance role-playing writer who lives in Portland, Oregon. He has been gaming since 1980 and became a full time designer and writer of role-playing games in 1998. His education includes majors in Mathematics and History and minors in Classics and Physics from Washington University as well as a M.A. in Cultural Anthropology from the University of Wisconsin\u2013Madison. He came up with the initial idea and setting for and wrote a significant portion of Blue Rose (role-playing game), and has written large amounts of Exalted, Trinity (Aeon) and, as well as work on many other games.
William L. Mallory, Sr. (born Oct 4, 1931 in Cincinnati) was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1966 and served for 28 years in the Ohio legislature. In 1974 he won election as Majority Floor Leader, the first African-American to serve in that role. When he retired in 1994, he was the longest serving majority leader in the history of Ohio. William L. Mallory, Sr. married his wife Fannie in 1955. William L. Mallory, Jr. is a Common Pleas Judge in Hamilton County. Mark L. Mallory is the mayor of Cincinnati. Joseph L. Mallory is an administrator at the Hamilton County Board of Elections and the former vice mayor of Forest Park, Ohio. Dwane Mallory is a Municipal Court Judge in Hamilton County, Ohio. Dale Mallory serves as a state representative in District 32, in the Ohio House of Representatives. Leslie Denise Mallory is a sales representative for the Ohio Lottery. For more information, see the the Cincinnati Historical Society Library.
Hey Monday is an American four-piece power pop/pop punk band from West Palm Beach, Florida, formed in 2008.
Olaniyi \"Nee\" Sobomehin [OH-la-nee-yee Shuh-BO-muh-heen] (born October 11, 1984 in Portland, Oregon) is an American football fullback for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. He was signed by the Saints as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Portland State. After getting injured, he spent his rookie season on Injured Reserve.
Jordan Senn (born June 11, 1984 in Beaverton, Oregon) is an American football linebacker for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Portland State.
Zscaler, launched on August 4, 2008, provides an in-the-cloud security service for web traffic. The service offers SaaS protection against malware and enforce policies for outbound web traffic. The company was founded by Jay Chaudhry, a security industry veteran and K. Kailash, former chief architect of NetScaler. Prior to Zscaler, Jay Chaudhry founded and funded several successful companies, including CipherTrust, AirDefense, CoreHarbor, Air2Web, and SecureIT. The company competes with similar services offered by MessageLabs, ScanSafe, Webroot and Websense.
Mark Hass (born December 10, 1956) is a politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. A Democrat, he currently represents District 14 in the Oregon State Senate. He also served three two-year terms in the Oregon House of Representatives, from 2001\u20132007. Hass was selected in fall 2007 by the County Commissions of Washington and Multnomah counties to serve the remainder of Senator Ryan Deckert's term, following Deckert's resignation. He was elected for a full term in 2008. Hass was a writer and reporter for KATU television from 1984\u20132000, and won an Emmy Award in 1998 for writing.
Edwin George Sperber (January 21, 1895- January 5, 1976) was a professional American baseball player. He played for the Boston Braves for parts of two seasons in 1924 and 1925.
William Yuan is a thirteen year old boy from Beaverton, Oregon. Yuan has developed a 3D solar cell that has the potential to revolutionize solar power. His project, named \"A Highly-Efficient 3-Dimensional Nanotube Solar Cell for Visible and UV Light\" was granted a $25,000 scholarship, the Davidson Fellow award, for his education . At the heart of Yuan's project is a solar cell that can harness both visible and ultraviolet light. Most solar collectors in use today are either photovoltaic, or solar thermal. While visible, infrared, and ultraviolet light are all heavily scattered or absorbed by the Earth's atmosphere, ultraviolet light consists of shorter wavelength, higher energy photons than visible or infrared light. Yuan's solar cells are calculated to absorb about five hundred times more light then a conventional solar cell and nine times more than advanced 3D solar cells. 3D solar cells have been developed elsewhere, notably the Georgia Tech Research Institute. They make use of carbon nanotubes, which allow the cell to distribute the energy it collects without dissipating as much as traditional cells do. William's solar cell utilized carbon nanotubes which double the efficiency of light-electricity conversion. Some of William's other endeavors include: FIRST Lego League, National Middle School Science Bowl, Mathematics, Engineering, Science Achievement, Signal to Noise, American Mathematics Competitions, Mathcounts, Chess, Geo-Bee, and the Discovery Education Young Scientist Challenge and Taekwando, a sport in which he holds a black belt.
The Google Affiliate Network is the affiliate marketing company, specifically affiliate network, formerly known as Doubleclick Performics, which was bought by Google in 2007.
Jaxtr is a social communications company that melds together global calling, SMS, and social networking. Founded by Phillip Mobin and Touraj Parang in October 2005, jaxtr uses Voice over Internet Protocol to offer competitive rates as well as free international and long distance calling. Some key differentiators for jaxtr in its market include allowing phone-to-phone calls to and from any mobile and landline phones, offering social networking focused on voice (caf\u00E9 jaxtr), requiring no software downloads or access pins, and giving users local Direct Inward Dialing (DID) phone numbers. Offered in 56 countries, these numbers allow users in those countries to dial a local phone number which would ring a long distance or international destination phone. Jaxtr also offers users a set number of global SMS messages each month. Jaxtr reports having over 10 million users in 220 countries in 2008. In June 2008, they raised $10 million in a Series B round of venture capital funding from Lehman Brothers Venture Partners. In the same month, they also launched their paid services. In October, Jaxtr laid off thirty percent of its employees, and its CEO, Konstantin Guericke, was fired. Currently, the company is located in Menlo Park, CA. On 14th June 2009, Hotmail Founder Sabeer Bhatia's Sabsebolo acquired Jaxtr for an unknown amount. Jaxtr shall function with the same brand name and help Sabsebolo with its large userbase.
Thomas Patrick Gorman is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of seven seasons in the majors, from 1981 until 1987.
Jeff Gianola (born October 2, 1955) is the head news anchor for KOIN Local 6 in Portland, Oregon.
Marine Observation Squadron 2 (VMO-2) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps which saw extensive action during World War II and the Vietnam War. They were based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma, Japan and Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California and saw their final combat in support of Operation Desert Storm in 1991. They were deactivated on 23 May 1993.
Gij\u00F3n Mariners is an american football team based in Gij\u00F3n, Asturias.
Claude E. Robinson (1900&ndash;1961) was an American pioneer in advertising research and opinion survey research techniques. Along with George Gallup, he was instrumental in developing many scientific sampling techniques that were later used in Gallup polls and other public opinion research surveys.
Xangati Inc. is a U.S. information technology company that designs application management 2.0 appliances for managing networked application service levels. According to the company, its technology is designed to manage all networked applications that communicate with desktops, servers, storage devices, VoIP telephones, handheld devices and other hardware formats.. The company was founded in June 2006 and is headquartered in Cupertino, California. In September 2007, Xangati received $10.7 million funding from Walden Venture Capital of San Francisco and Alloy Ventures of Palo Alto, California, which had led an earlier $8 million funding round.
Happy Computers (HCI) was a small company producing disk drive enhancements for the Atari 8-bit and Atari ST computer families. Happy Computers is most noted for the add-in boards for the Atari 810 and Atari 1050 disk drives, which achieved a tremendous speed improvement for reading and writing, and for the ability to back up floppies. Happy's products were among the most popular Atari computer add-ons. They are still in use and active in the aftermarket today.
Cygnus, Inc. , at its inception in 1985, was engaged in development and manufacturing of transdermal drug delivery systems, including products for contraception, hormone therapy and smoking cessation. The company also developed the GlucoWatch, a non-invasive glucose monitoring devices for manufacture and commercialization. When GlucoWatch was launched in early 2002, the product sales of GlucoWatch were much lower than expected . According to the Company, the reasons for failure included adoption barriers for new technology, need for a paradigm shift in the management of diabetes, lack of widespread medical reimbursement, and performance characteristics of the device. First, the GlucoWatch faced difficulties in its clinical efficacy and reproducibility of measurements. Cygnus did not resolve these technical feasibility issues and was unable to replace the standard glucose monitoring device that was on the market. Second, Cygnus lacked an effective managed care resources group. Without a substantial reimbursement level, it is very difficult for healthcare organizations to approve the GlucoWatch for its beneficiaries at the price that Cygnus was selling it. Furthermore, Cygnus failed to show the cost benefits of the device. Third, Cygnus entered into a problematic co-promotion agreement with Sankyo Pharmaceuticals in 2000 that ended unexpectedly. Glucose monitoring products that are new to the market require a sizeable sales force to educate healthcare professionals and end user, and to create product awareness in various marketing channels. After Sankyo left the agreement, Cygnus was very low on cash and reduced the work force by 60%. Cygnus did not have enough resources or infrastructure to perform sales and marketing activities on its own. In October 2002, the Company failed to meet the minimum price per share and minimum market capitalization listing requirements of the Nasdaq National Market and National Small Cap Market. As a result, its stock was delisted from NASDAQ and transferred to OTC bulletin board. Manufacturing activities and R&amp;D efforts for future products were suspended. Due to Cygnus\u2019 weak financial condition, operating losses, and lack of a marketing partner, the Company\u2019s Board of Directors decided to sell off substantial operating assets, wind-up operations and subsequently dissolve and liquidate. In December 2004, Cygnus Inc. entered into an asset purchase agreement with Animas Corporation and Animas Technologies LLC in exchange for $10 million USD in cash. The asset sale was completed in March 2005. The Company retained some cash and equivalents, and accounts receivables but no operating assets and no means to generate revenue, other than pending arbitration with Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical Inc. The headquarter lease terminated and Cygnus moved to a single office in San Francisco. The arbitration with Ortho-McNeil was settled in September 2005. Ortho-McNeil paid $4 million USD in cash to Cygnus. The company had planned to wait till this settlement to file its certificate of dissolution. In November 2005, the Company filed 10Q indicating intention to file Certification of Dissolution. As a result, trading of Company\u2019s common stock on OTC Bulletin Board stopped. The close of business was on November 21, 2005. Cygnus had never been profitable in its 17 years of history.
Ryan Deckert is the president of the Oregon Business Association. Prior to this position, Deckert, a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon, served in the Oregon Senate, representing District 14, which includes parts of Beaverton and the Portland neighborhoods of Garden Home and Raleigh Hills.
Diamond Systems Corporation is one of the leading worldwide suppliers of ruggedized PC/104 I/O modules and highly integrated embedded single-board computers combining CPU and data acquisition on a single board. The company provides embedded computing solutions around the world to a wide range of industries including aerospace, military, transportation, semiconductor equipment, industrial automation, medical instrumentation, and scientific research. Its product line includes A/D, D/A, digital I/O, serial communications, multifunction networking, and power supply modules as well as small form factor single-board computers and enclosures. Diamond Systems also offers a full range of system solutions, including the capability to customize a board or system to meet the needs of a particular application
I Set My Friends On Fire is an American post-hardcore duo formed in 2007 by Matt Mihana and Nabil Moo. The duo has released one album, You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter on Epitaph Records.
Rick Sirvaitis is an advertising executive in New York City and the President of Storeboard Media LLC, a media sales company with the exclusive right to place advertisements on security pedestals in stores across the United States. He is also President of his own consulting company: RS MediaMarketing LLC. He has been a consultant to such clients as the NFL Network, the Television Bureau, Gemstar-TV Guide International and Google TV Ads among others and has most recently been retained as an Entrepreneur in Residence for Constellation Ventures. He is also the former President and Chief Operating Officer of GM Mediaworks (a division of Interpublic Group of Companies), the consolidated media buying unit for all General Motors divisions including network and cable television purchasing in New York, as well as all print and Internet buying and a Cyberworks research and development unit in Detroit.
Granada Lions is an american football team based in Granada, Andalusia.
Burden of a Day is a Christian metalcore band from Sarasota, Florida, formed in January 2004. They are currently signed to Rise Records. Some of their influences include the likes of Thrice, The Bled, All That Remains.
The Reverend Samuel Whiting, Junior (March 25, 1633 \u2013 February 28, 1713) was the First Minister of the Town of Billerica from November 11, 1663 to February 28, 1713.
Barcelona B\u00FAfals (Barcelona Buffalos in English language) is an american football team based in Barcelona, Catalonia. They compete at the LNFA.
Therefore I Am is a post-hardcore band from Boston, Massachusetts signed to Equal Vision Records.
L\u2019Espalier is an American restaurant located in Boston, Massachusetts, in the Back Bay neighborhood, adjacent to the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. The chef and owner of L'Espalier is Frank McClelland, who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Best Northeast Chef.
Queplix Corporation is a USA high-tech company based in Sunnyvale, CA, USA. It produces and distributes computer software data virtualization platform and applications built on the platform. Its flagship platform technology Queplix Secure Data Virtualizaiton or QSDV offers several enterprise products built on it: QueSearch and QueCloud. It employs over 50 people in its several offices worldwide.
Sevilla Linces is an american football team based in Seville, Andalusia.
Modern Method Records was a record label that helped to document the Boston hardcore scene in the early 80's. Modern Method was an offshoot of the Newbury Comics retail store and also the Boston Rock magazine. The label was located at 268 Newbury ST. in Boston.
There are several Ecuadorian dishes that are typical to the various regions from the country. For example, coste\u00F1os (people from the coast) prefer fish, beans and plantains (unripened banana like fruits), while serranos from the mountainous regions prefer meat, potatoes rices and white hominy mote. Some examples of Ecuadorian cuisine in general include patacones, unripe plantains fried in oil, mashed up and then refried, llapingachos, a pan seared potato ball, and seco de chivo, a type of stew made from goat. More regionalized examples include ceviches from the Coast, which are different from other ceviches and traditionally is served unprepared, as well as almidon breads, plantains served with crushed peanuts or salprieta, and encebollado, the most popular dish in the Coast, that contains a marinade with large chunks of fish, onions and various regional seasonings. Besides the regions, there are several typical Ecuadorian dishes consumed in special occasions. During Finados (November 2), there is the \"Colada Morada\", which is prepared with black corn flower. During Easter, the Fanesca is traditionally served all over Ecuador. A food of the mountainous parts of Ecuador is guinea pig. This plate has become a cause for extinction for these rodents. Two of the most well known dishes served in Ecuador are unique to their region and style. However, no matter what part of the country people might be, these two dishes are recognized moreover for their function. Ecuadorian tradition holds a unique habit when it comes to serving meals and that consists of two dishes, a soup and a rice platter. For the most part, Ecuador is known not only for its bananas and all the dishes made from them, but for its starch consumption of products like potato, bread, rice, and yuca. Traditionally any of these factors can be found in either the soup or the rice platter that may be served. The food in Ecuador is diverse, varying with altitude and associated agricultural conditions. Pork, chicken, beef, and cuy are popular in the mountain regions and are served with a variety of grains. A popular street food in mountain regions is hornado, consisting of potatoes served with roasted pig. Fanesca, a fish soup including several types of bean, is often eaten during Lent and Easter. During the week before the commemoration of the deceased or \"d\u00EDa de los muertos\", the fruit beverage \"Colada Morada\" is typical, accompanied by \"Guaguas de Pan\", which is stuffed bread shaped like children. The food is somewhat different in the southern mountain area, featuring typical Loja food such as \"repe\", a soup prepared with green bananas; \"cecina\", roasted pork; and \"miel con quesillo\" or \"cuajada\" as dessert. A wide variety of fresh fruit is available, particularly at lower altitudes, including granadilla, passionfruit, naranjilla, several types of bananas, uvilla, taxo, and tree tomato. Seafood is very popular at the coast, where prawns, shrimp and lobster are key parts of the diet. Plantain- and peanut-based dishes are the basis of most coastal meals, which are usually served in two courses. The first course is caldo soup, which may be aguado (a thin soup, usually with meat) or caldo de leche, a cream vegetable soup. The second course might include rice, a little meat or fish with a menestra (lentil stew), and salad or vegetables. Patacones (fried green plantains with cheese) are popular side dishes with coastal meals. Most regions in Ecuador follow the traditional 3 course meal of sopa/soup and segundo/second dish which includes rice and a protein such as meat, poultry, pig or fish. Then desert and a coffee are customary. Dinner is usually lighter and sometimes just coffee or agua de remedio/herbal tea with bread. Some of the typical dishes in the coastal region are: ceviche, pan de almid\u00F3n, corviche, guatita, papas con quero, encebollado and empanadas; in the mountain region: hornado, fritada, humitas, tamales, llapingachos, lomo saltado, and churrasco. In the rainforest, a dietary staple is the yuca, elsewhere called cassava. The starchy root is peeled and boiled, fried, or used in a variety of other dishes. Many fruits are available in this region, including bananas, tree grapes, and peach palms. It's also used as a bread and has spread throughout the nation, most notably, to Quito where a company sells the native pan de yuca in a new sense; different types sold with frozen youghurt. Aguardiente, a sugar cane-based spirit, is probably the most popular national alcohol. Drinkable yogurt, available in many fruit flavors, is popular and is often consumed with pan de yuca, a light bread filled with cheese and eaten warm.
Jerry Kathman is President and Chief Executive Officer of LPK, the largest independent brand design agency in the world with offices in North America, Europe and Asia. Kathman is recognized within the industry as a leading authority on the role of design in brand building. His global experience has provided Fortune 500 companies with insights into both the opportunities and pitfalls of taking a brand beyond national boundaries. Kathman sits on the Board of the Design Management Institute and is a faculty member of the In-Store Marketing Institute. He has appeared on CNN and CNBC and has been quoted or published in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Brandweek, Design Management Review, Die Welt (a leading national German newspaper), CB News (a leading French business magazine), and Hong Kong Economic Times. Kathman has authored numerous white papers in academic and professional journals on topical issues in brand design development and management. He lectures regularly to business and academic audiences in North America, Europe and Asia, including Columbia University, University of California at Berkeley, New York University, the Hong Kong Design Centre, Singapore Design Festival, the Design Management Institute, and the In-Store Marketing Institute.
R. Tracy Seyfert is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 5th District from 1997 through her resignation in 2000. Seyfert attended Mountain View Joint Schools. She earned her undergraduate degree from Villa Maria College (now part of Gannon University), her M.A. from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania, and a Ph.D. from University of Pittsburgh in 1988. She worked as a psychologist before joining the Erie County, Pennsylvania Council. Seyfert won election in 1996, running on her experience as a member of the Erie County, Pennsylvania Council and her pledge to reduce the size of the Pennsylvania state government. On September 9, 1999, federal and state investigators raided Seyfert's home, located in \"Tracy's Ridge\" in Millcreek Township, Pennsylvania, and seized a 10-ton (1,500 kilowatt) generating unit and 500-gallon oil tank. New units of that size cost $160,000 and require a crane and flatbed truck to move and are capable of supplying power to a coal mine, a lumber yard, or emergency power to the USX Tower. The total value of the units was less than $1,000. Prosecutors alleged that in April 1999, Seyfert enlisted Elk Creek Township Supervisor Harold \"Frosty\" Crane to help her acquire the equipment, which was slated to be transferred to a volunteer fire department. Individuals are prohibited from acquiring such equipment through this program. Seyfert pleaded guilty to theft of federal property and conspiring to influence a witness on May 12, 2000. In the plea agreement, prosecutors agreed to drop more serious charges that she attempted to have a witness change his testimony. The judge sentenced her to five years in federal prison and assessed a $5,000 fine. Seyfert was released from federal prison on March 20, 2001. Joseph Wenzel, a former legislative aide and close associate of Seyfert, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to tamper with a witness in Seyfert's trial. Wenzel admitted to working with Seyfert to get Harold \"Frosty\" Crane to lie to the FBI during its investigation. In exchange for his guilty plea, federal prosecutors \"agreed not to pursue accusations that Wenzel asked his brother to kill the witness.
Henry B. Hidden was a First Lieutenant in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Hidden is believed to be the first cavalry officer killed in action in the Army of the Potomac and the first officer of Union volunteer cavalry killed in the Civil War.
Benjamin Wood Richards (1774\u20131845) was an American lawyer and politician from Pennsylvania. Richards practiced law in Philadelphia for many years and was active in the city's political scene. He was the mayor of Philadelphia in 1829 and again from 1830-1832. After leaving office, Richards resumed the practice of law, continuing until his death in 1845.
Isaac Roach (February 24, 1786 \u2013 December 29, 1848) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1838 to 1839. He was a captain in the United States Army when he fought in the War of 1812. In 1823, he became a Major. He retired from the military on April 1, 1824. He became the mayor of Philadelphia in 1839 and was later appointed the Treasurer of the Mint. On October 4, 1819, Roach married Mary Huddell. Roach died in 1848 in Philadelphia, where he is buried in St. Peter's churchyard.
Joel Jones (October 26, 1795 \u2013 February 3, 1860) was an American lawyer, jurist, and mayor of Philadelphia. He was born in Coventry, Connecticut, the oldest of nine children. At age fifteen he went to Hebron, Connecticut, and engaged in business with his uncle. After graduating at Yale University with high honor in 1817, he commenced the study of law with Judge William Bristol of New Haven, Connecticut, and afterward finished at the Law School in Litchfield, Connecticut. After completion of his studies, he resided for a short time in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, whence he removed, in 1822, to Easton, Pennsylvania, where he practiced law for many years. In 1830 he was appointed by Governor George Wolf one of three commissioners to revise the civil code of Pennsylvania. In 1834 he removed to Philadelphia, where he became associate judge in 1835, and afterward presiding judge of the Philadelphia district court. He was the first president of Girard College in 1847-1849. In 1849 he was elected mayor of Philadelphia. He took an active interest in theological speculations and inquiries, and was an earnest advocate of a literal interpretation of those scriptures which predict the second coming of Christ. He also edited several English works on prophecy. On June 14, 1831, he married Eliza P. Sparhawk in Philadelphia, with whom he had six children. In 1860, he died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Jeanne Marie D'Amico (born 1958), was a cast member of the Fox network reality show Trading Spouses in the two-part premiere of the second season opposite Marguerite Perrin. At the time the show aired D'Amico was the creator, producer and host of her own national talk radio, Colors of Life, Colors of Love America and Love Talk USA. Her stage name was 'JADE, The Love Muse',
The Supervillains are a four-piece ska band from Orlando, Florida.
Bob Jay is a professional hockey player who played for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League.
Dean Jenkins (born November 21, 1959 in Billerica) is a professional hockey player who played for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League.
S. John Trudeau (c. 1927 - November 3, 2008) was an American musician who expanded the music department at Portland State University and helped co-found the outdoor Britt Festival of performing arts in Jacksonville, Oregon, the first of its kind in the Pacific Northwest. In 1951, Trudeau came to Portland, Oregon to join the Oregon Symphony as its principal trombone player. Trudeau first came to Southern Oregon in 1955 with the Portland Symphonic Brass Ensemble for a performance at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon, whose founder suggested the creation of a classical musical festival in the area. Trudeau began a search, hoping to find an area that would be like Tanglewood in Massachusetts, home of the Tanglewood Music Festival. Together with Sam McKinney they established the Britt Festival in 1963 as a two-week long celebration of music in Jacksonville, described by The Oregonian as \"a picturesque former gold-mining town in southern Oregon\". The two had been searching for a site and found it in an area that had been homesteaded by Peter Britt in the 1850s, and recognized that the site's natural acoustics made it appropriate for outdoor performances. The only such festival on the West Coast of the United States when it was created, the stages were constructed with plywood and canvas, with lights set inside tin cans. By the time of Trudeau's death in 2008, the event had grown to a four-month long performing arts event from June into September, featuring top names in classical, dance, pop, rock and musical theater and inspiring dozens of other festivals throughout the West. Starting as an instructor, Trudeau spent 32 years at Portland State, rising to full professor, and was alter appointed department chairman and ultimately dean of the School of Fine and Performing Arts. In 1977, he hired the members of the Florestan Trio as artists-in-residence and faculty members in the music department. With the group's appointment, the music department was able to attract better-qualified students. The university orchestra, which Trudeau conducted, expanded in size and improved in quality. Trudeau died at age 81 on November 3, 2008 from complications related to congestive heart failure.
Destry is an indie folk band centered around Michelle DaRosa. Formerly a vocalist for Straylight Run, on June 3, 2008 Michelle left Straylight Run on friendly terms to pursue a solo career, beginning Destry soon after. Destry's current work currently consists of collaborations between Michelle and four other artists, Sam Means of The Format, drummer Nico Childrey and Tyler Odom who played together in Cassino, and bassist Shaun Cooper of Straylight Run and Taking Back Sunday. Michelle DaRosa said all five have collaborated, but have never been in the same room together. The band was proven to have finally been all together by a MySpace blog post by Michelle on February 2, 2009. She also says the only members of a possible tour would be herself, Nico, and Shaun. On May 1, 2009, the band announced via Myspace that it would have a short tour with The Narrative in June staying within Northeastern America. Destry's first studio album, entitled It Goes On was released on October 30, 2009.
Jefferson Smith (born June 29, 1973) is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon and the founder of the Bus Project. In 2008, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 47 in east Portland.
Murcia Cobras is an American football team based in Murcia, Region of Murcia.
Rivas Osos is an american football team based in Rivas-Vaciamadrid, Community of Madrid.
Steven W. Cappelli was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 83rd District for four terms from 2001 to 2009. He and his wife live in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He did not run for reelection to the Pennsylvania House in 2008, choosing to instead run for the Republican party nomination for State Senator in the 23rd District. Cappelli lost the primary to Eugene Yaw, who was elected to the State Senate in the November 2008 General Election. Cappelli was succeeded in the Pennsylvania House by Democrat Richard Mirabato. In February, 2009 he accepted a position as a regional vice president with Henry Dunn Inc headquartered in Towanda, PA.
The Western Independence Party of Manitoba ran six candidates in the 1990 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about the party's candidates may be found on this page.
Lightspeed Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focusing on early stage investments in IT companies. The firm is based in Menlo Park, California and has raised approximately $2 billion of investor capital since inception across eight venture funds.
Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama. Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In 1995, she assisted with the drafting of anti-terrorism legislation. She has experience with judicial nominations. During the confirmation process for Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court, she was (metaphorically) Judge Sotomayor's sherpa. She holds a B.A. in art history from Oberlin College (1979), and a J.D. from the University of Virginia Law School (1984). She was editor of the Virginia Law Review, then a clerk for U.S. District Court judge Edward Norman Cahn in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. She was an associate at Williams &amp; Connolly, before going to work for Biden (1991&ndash;1996). She advised Biden unofficially while she stayed home raising her children. Her husband has consistently donated to his employer's political action committee; the firm appears to contribute to the party of the incumbent President of the United States.
Badalona Dracs is an american football team based in Badalona, Catalonia.
Serena Software Inc is an application lifecycle management (ALM) software company headquartered in Redwood City, California. It was founded in June 1980 by Doug Troxel in San Francisco. In September 2008 Serena announced the acquisition of Projity Project-ON-Demand, its Software as a Service (SaaS)-based project management software, and OpenProj. Jeremy Burton was appointed CEO, by Silver Lake Partners in February 2006. Interim CEO appointed, Michael Cappelas, former CEO of MCI. In October 2004 Serena announced the acquisition of Pacific Edge Mariner, a leading provider of Project and Portfolio Management (PPM) solutions.
Allele is an American Alternative metal band from Jacksonville, Florida, formed in 2002. Their current line-up consists of five members: Wally Wood (vocals), Kelly Hayes (lead guitar), Josh Scott (rhythm guitar), Tim Tobin (bass), Giancarlo Autenzio (drums). The band is currently signed to Corporate Punishment Records. To date, Allele has released one studio album titled Point of Origin.
Matthew Charles Porretta (b. May 29, 1965 in Darien, Connecticut) is an American television and film actor. Porretta was born into an incredible show-biz family: his father, Frank II, is a trained opera singer and accomplished actor. His mother, Roberta, is also a trained singer and was Miss Ohio 1956. Porretta wasted no time in getting involved with the entertainment industry. By the age of 25 he was already a veteran of Broadway and a student at the Manhattan School of Music. In 1990 Porretta broke into television with recurring roles on shows like Wings and Beverly Hills, 90210. In 1993 he was given his first major movie role, as Will Scarlet O'Hara in Mel Brooks' spoof Robin Hood: Men in Tights. In a twist of irony, Porretta would star as Robin Hood in his own TV series four years later. Since 1997 he has starred in many independent movies and been featured in commercials for McDonald's and Arrowhead Water. Porretta has four siblings, all of whom have found their way into show business in some form or another: His brother Frank III (the oldest sibling) has become an internationally recognized opera singer. His other brother, Greg, has guest-starred with Matthew on television. His sisters, Anna and Roberta, also dabble (Anna is a writer for Talk Soup). In August 2009 it was revealed that he will be the voice actor of the protagonist in the upcoming video game title Alan Wake. A psychological action thriller being developed by Remedy Entertainment.
Alfred Edward Kaiser (born August 3, 1886 in Cincinnati, Ohio - April 11, 1969 in Cincinnati, Ohio), was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played three seasons in the majors, between 1911 and 1914, for the Chicago Cubs, Boston Braves and Indianapolis Hoosiers.
Rogers Park (Danbury) is a baseball field in Danbury, Connecticut, at the end of Main Street and South Street. The field has been home to the Danbury Westerners of the New England Collegiate Baseball League since 1995.
Northwest Park (Manchester) is a baseball field located in Manchester, Connecticut. The field is the former home of the Manchester Silkworms of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. It played host to the Silkworms between 2000 and 2009. The field's location places Union Pond behind a stand of trees located past the outifeld.
Fuessenich Park is a baseball field located in downtown Torrington, Connecticut, with a capacity of 1,500 fans. It is the home of the Torrington Titans of the Atlantic Collegiate Baseball League.
Boston Latino TV (BLTv) is an English-language, culturally Latino production that utilizes new media to showcase the Latino presence in Boston. BLTv positively portrays the Latino culture through both, Latino hosts and on-site event video coverage, among English-Speaking Americans.
Ribbit is a telecommunications company based in Mountain View, California. It was acquired by BT Group on July 29, 2008 for $105 million. The company\u2019s goal is to make voice communications a programmable feature, one that can be easily added to Web pages and software applications. Its competitors include IntelePeer and Jajah.
Benjamin Wistar Morris (May 30, 1819 \u2013 April 7, 1906) was the second Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon, which at the time incorporated the present-day Episcopal Dioceses of Olympia, Spokane, and Eastern Oregon.
Founded in 2000, and headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, Array Networks is a global technology company that addresses problems related to securely delivering enterprise applications to end users. Array takes a hardware-based approach to deliver enterprise applications, including SPX series SSL VPN enterprise platforms, APV Series Application Delivery Controller Enterprise Platforms, and Net Cert PKI Certificate Management Solutions.
Jeffrey L. \"Jeff\" Idelson is the current president of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, located in Cooperstown, New York. He was named to the position on April 16, 2008, and he replaced Dale Petroskey. In 1986, he graduated from Connecticut College in New London, Connecticut (Bachelor of Arts in International Economics), Idelson began his professional career as an intern in the public relations department of the Boston Red Sox in 1986, continuing work in the team's public relations department in 1987-88. He also produced home games for the Red Sox Radio Network (110 stations) in 1987 and 1988, serving as the flagship station's liaison to the Red Sox's primary charity, the Jimmy Fund. Idelson was then hired by the New York Yankees, and was the club's director of media relations and publicity from 1989 until 1993. In 1994, Idelson served as assistant vice president and senior press officer for the 1994 World Cup organizing committee, before joining the Baseball Hall of Fame on September 26, 1994, as director of public relations and promotions. He was named as the organization's vice president of communications and education in 1999, a role that includes overseeing the Hall of Fame elections and awards, communications, community and media relations, publications, public programs, promotions, advertising, and artifact acquisition. He also oversaw the museum's college internship program and education department.
Private First Class Dan Bullock (December 21, 1953 - June 7, 1969) was the youngest American serviceman killed in action during the Vietnam War.
Kevin Huber (born July 16, 1985 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football punter for the Cincinnati Bengals. He played college football at Cincinnati and attended Archbishop McNicholas High School in Cincinnati. He was considered one of the top punter prospects in the 2009 NFL Draft. Huber was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft with the 142nd overall pick.
Tom Peterson (born 1930) is an American retailer, pitchman and television icon from Portland, Oregon. Peterson opened his first store in 1964, which grew to a regional consumer electronics, home appliance and furniture chain in the 1970s. His memorable television commercials and unusual promotions made him a widely recognized personality in the Portland area by the 1980s, leading to cameo appearances in the films of Gus Van Sant. In the early 1990s, having acquired and been unable to successfully integrate a competing chain of electronics stores, Peterson filed for bankruptcy protection before reemerging as a scaled-down personal electronics retailer. He continued appearing in his own commercials into the early 2000s, and the store's final location closed in February 2009.
Ronald Girvin Dell (born November 26, 1930), better known as Ronnie Dell, was a Rock and Roll musician in the 1950s. He is perhaps most famous for his song, Those Magic Changes.
eASIC is a fabless semiconductor company offering NEW ASIC devices that reduce the overall fabrication cost and time of customized silicon devices. This is achieved through employing a combination of FPGA like logic-cells and single via-layer customizable routing. A key claim of eASIC NEW ASIC devices is that the up front cost (NRE) is much lower than standard cell ASIC and other structured ASICs and a manufacturing / delivery cycle of 5-10 weeks. This is in contrast to custom ASICs or Structured ASIC devices. Like most other silicon vendors eASIC promote a soft IP portfolio to users including 175 MHz ARM926EJ, PIP-AMBA, H.264, PCI Express, DDR2 and Ethernet MAC among others. While the single via-layer customization technology is innovative and protected by broad patents, the design implementation and device fabrication are performed using conventional electronic design flow and standard manufacturing processes.
James Martin Fitzgerald born 1920 is an American lawyer and judge. He is currently a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Alaska. Fitzgerald was born in 1920 in Portland, Oregon. He served as U.S. Army Private, 1940-1941 and U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant, 1942-1946. He attended Willamette University where he received a B.A. in 1950 and a bachelors of law degree from Willamette's law school in 1951. Later, he went on to serve as an Assistant U.S. attorney for the District of Alaska, 1952-1956, City Attorney, Anchorage, Alaska, 1956-1959 legal counsel to the Governor of Alaska, 1959, and state commissioner of public safety, Alaska, 1959. Fitzgeral went on to serve as a Judge, Superior Court, Third District, State of Alaska, 1959-1972, a Presiding Judge, 1969-1972 and a Justice, Supreme Court of Alaska, 1972-1975. He was nominated by Gerald Ford on December 2, 1974 to be a Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska, to a seat vacated by Raymond Eugene Plummer. Fritzgerald was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 18, 1974, and received commission on December 20, 1974. He served as chief judge, 1984-1989 and assumed senior status on January 1, 1989.
Cola Lacaye (from Haiti) is a Haitian soft drink founded by Rigobert Richardson in 1977. Today, Cola Lacaye soda is manufactured and distributed by The Brooklyn Bottling Group, which manufactures, distributes, imports various Caribbean-based soft drinks and food.. Cola Lacaye comes in three island flavors; Fruit Cola, Fruit Champagne and Banana. Cola Lacaye is available in 12oz bottles and 2 liter bottles. Cola Lacaye has become part of the Haitian American cultural dining experience.
Robert Alan Dressler (born February 2, 1954 in Portland, Oregon) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the San Francisco Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, and Seattle Mariners. Dressler was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 1st round (19th overall) in the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft and made his major league debut for the Giants in 1975. On July 24, 1978, he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for John Tamargo and purchased by the Seattle Mariners on June 7, 1979. In his final major league season in 1980, Dressler had a 3.98 ERA in 149.1 innings pitched.
Richard Bruce \"Dick\" Yoder is a former mayor of West Chester, Pennsylvania. Yoder was born in West Chester and has lived there his whole life. He attended West Chester East High School and after his graduation he attended Villanova University. He also served in the Marine Corps for six years. After earning his degree, Yoder began his teaching career at West Chester University. While teaching, he also coached and served as an athletic administrator. He retired from teaching in 2000. In 2001 he ran for mayor and was reelected in 2005. After having reached the office's eight-year term limit, Yoder was replaced by incumbent mayor Carolyn Comitta in January 2010.
Eric Wood (born March 18, 1986 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football guard for the Buffalo Bills. Currently in his rookie season, Wood was the team's second pick in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft (28th overall). After starting his team's first 10 games of the 2009 NFL season, he suffered a season-ending injury on November 22, 2009. Wood played his collegiate football at the University of Louisville.
Trevor Canfield (born January 10, 1986 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football guard for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Cincinnati.
Dana Conrad Heitman (born January 18, 1966) is an American musician, best known for being the trumpet player for the Oregon rock/swing/ska band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies, of which he has been a member since the band's inception in 1989, having played trumpet and sometimes trombone on every one of their albums. Heitman was attending the University of Oregon when he was recruited into the Cherry Poppin' Daddies. A trained musician and member of several high school and college national merit bands, he helped develop the Daddies' prominent horn section, bringing an edge of jazz sophistication to the band's repertoire of funk and rock (Heitman is the only member of the Daddies' horn section to solo, as heard on such songs as \"So Long Toots\" and \"White Trash Toodle-oo\"). According to Daddies guitarist Jason Moss in regard to the band's songwriting process, Heitman is responsible for writing and arranging the majority of the Daddies' horn lines, either by himself or working off pieces composed by frontman and singer Steve Perry. After graduating from the university's school of music in brass instruments, Heitman continued his involvement with the Daddies, performing on each of their albums, including the multi-platinum 1997 record Zoot Suit Riot, receiving a Bach endorsement during the peak of the group's fame. When not touring with the Daddies, Heitman sits in with many local Oregon jazz and horn sections and has played in such local groups as Swing Shift, The Essentials, Satin Love Orchestra, Caliente, Lutes and Keller and The Omar Torrez Band. According to the Daddies' 1994 press bio, from a standing position, Heitman can jump up and kick the door jamb of a Ford truck twice with each foot without spilling his drink.
Kingsbury are a prominent, Orlando-based psychedelic indie rock band on Post Records known for their melodic, dischordinant and ambient elements in their music.
William R. Glendon (c. 1920 &ndash; December 25, 2008) was an American attorney who specialized in issues relating to the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and represented The Washington Post in the Pentagon Papers case. Glendon was born in Medford, Massachusetts and grew up in Stoneham, Massachusetts. He attended College of the Holy Cross and enlisted in the United States Navy in 1941 following graduation. He served on a troop transport ship as a communications officer and earned five battle stars for his participation in the amphibious invasions of North Africa, Italy and the Normandy Landings. He left the Navy with the rank of lieutenant. After ending his military service, he attended the Georgetown Law School, graduating in 1947. He served as an assistant district attorney in Washington, D.C. and joined the firm of Rogers &amp; Wells (now part of Clifford Chance), and relocated to the firm's Manhattan office in 1956. In 1971, the Nixon Administration sought to suppress publication the of the Pentagon Papers, a top-secret history prepared by the United States Department of Defense documenting American political and military involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967, citing claims that publication of the classified material could cause irreparable injury to the national interest. On this basis court injunctions were issued to prevent publication of the material in these documents by The New York Times and The Washington Post. Together with Alexander M. Bickel who was serving as chief counsel for The Times, Glendon appeared before the Supreme Court of the United States in New York Times Co. v. United States to argue that the government should not be allowed to exercise prior restraint to prevent publication. Glendon argued in a response to Justice Byron R. White that \"when you bring a case you are supposed to prove it, and when you come in claiming irreparable injury, particularly in this area of the First Amendment, you have a very, very heavy burden. \" The court, by a 6-to-3 majority, agreed. In the 1977 securities fraud case Santa Fe Industries Inc. v. Green, Glendon successfully argued that a party challenging a securities transaction permitted under state law must prove fraudulent deception and not just a breach of fiduciary responsibility. Glendon was elected as mayor of Scarsdale, New York in 1985. After a group of residents objected to a Nativity scene that had been displayed on municipal property by a private group as a violation of the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment, the village trustees voted to prohibit its display. Glendon personally supported the cr\u00E8che, but acting as the village's attorney he argued on behalf of the ban in a series of court cases. In 1985, the Supreme Court voted 4 to 4 with a ninth judge absent, keeping intact the reversal of the decision by the United States Court of Appeals which ruled that the village's ban amounted to an unconstitutional infringement on \"religious speech\", and allowing the cr\u00E8che to be displayed after a five-year gap. A resident of Scarsdale and Fishers Island, Glendon died at age 89 on December 25, 2008 in White Plains, New York.
Hal Elden Hoss (October 7, 1892 &ndash; February 6, 1934) was an American journalist and politician in the state of Oregon. A native of Portland, he was raised there and edited several newspapers in Oregon before he became the private secretary for the Governor of Oregon, I. L. Patterson. A Republican, he served as Oregon Secretary of State for six years before he died in office.
Boyce Avenue, a Florida-based band popular for its strong acoustic roots and melodic rock sound, consists of the three brothers Alejandro, Fabian, and Daniel Manzano.
Marine Bombing Squadron 433 (VMB-433) was a United States Marine Corp medium bomber squadron during World War II. The squadron flew PBJ medium bombers which were the naval version of the B-25 Mitchell.
William Morrill Cooke (1951-) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers, the San Francisco 49ers, the Detroit Lions and the Seattle Seahawks. Listed at 6'-5\" and 249lbs, he played professionally for 6 seasons and retired in 1980.
James Edward \"Icicle\" Reeder was a Major League Baseball player. He played six games in the major leagues in 1884, three for the Cincinnati Red Stockings of the American Association and three for the Washington Nationals of the Union Association. He played in the outfield for all six.
Palmchip Corporation is a technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. The company is best known for its system on chip platforms, although it also designs, licenses and sells software.
Imperial is an American metalcore band from Orlando, Florida. Their music is a mixture of modern metal, hardcore, and Black Metal.
Anybots Inc. is a robotics company founded in 2001 by Trevor Blackwell. It is located in Mountain View, Ca.
Luxim is a privately owned high-tech company based in Sunnyvale, California, which was founded in 2000. Luxim has developed the LIFI solid state electrodeless lamp lighting system. Their electrodeless plasma lamp is able to operate up to 50% more efficiently than conventional HID lamps and is able generate over 19000 lumens at 160 watts of RF power (ie before electrical losses). Recently a number of the core patents were assigned to Ceravision. Luxim's lamp was first introduced in Panasonic's LIFI line of rear projection televisions (now discontinued).
Keene Fitzpatrick (December 25, 1864 - May 22, 1944) was a track coach, athletic trainer, professor of physical training and gymnasium director for 42 years at Yale University (1890\u20131891, 1896\u20131898), the University of Michigan (1894\u20131895, 1898\u20131910), and Princeton University (1910\u20131932). He was considered \"one of the pioneers of intercollegiate sport. \" As a young man in the 1880s, Fitzpatrick was a sprinter with the national champion Natick Hook and Ladder Company team. As a coach, he is credited with inventing modern pole-vaulting technique and with coaching numerous Olympic gold medalists, including Archie Hahn, Ralph Rose, Charles Dvorak and Ralph Craig. He was also the trainer for the Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1894\u20131895 and 1898\u20131909, including Fielding H. Yost's legendary \"point-a-minute\" teams from 1901\u20131905. Fitzpatrick was born in Natick, Massachusetts in 1864. He died in Princeton, New Jersey at age 79 in 1944.
Martha Northam Schrader (born August 12, 1953) is a Democratic American politician serving in the Oregon State Senate, representing Oregon's 20th Senate district in southeastern Clackamas County, including the cities of Barlow, Canby, Gladstone, Johnson City, Oregon City, and portions of Milwaukie.
Arlington is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway, in Staten Island, New York. It has one island platform and two tracks. It was closed on March 31, 1953. It is located in the Arlington and Mariners Harbor sections of Staten Island, near the Arlington Yard, under the South Avenue overpass, between Arlington Place and Brabant Street.
Wentworth Avenue is a station on the demolished South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had one side platform served by one track. This platform was only a door's length, and had to be keyed open by the conductor. It was abandoned, along with the rest of the South Beach Branch, and the North Shore Branch, on March 31, 1953.
Belair Road is a demolished station on the abandoned South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two side platforms and two tracks. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953.
Cedar Avenue was a station on the demolished South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two tracks and two side platforms. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953.
Arrochar is a station on the demolished South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two side platforms and two tracks. It closed on March 31, 1953.
Rosebank is a demolished station in the Rosebank neighborhood along the abandoned South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two tracks and two side platforms. It closed on March 31, 1953. In 2008 a proposal was made to build a new station along the SIR Main Line between the Clifton and Grasmere stations. The new station may be called Rosebank.
New Brighton is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and two side platforms. It is located in the New Brighton section of Staten Island, north of Richmond Terrace near Jersey Street 0.7 miles (1.1 km) from the Saint George terminus. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953, along with the other passenger stations on the North Shore Branch. In the 1990s Bank Street was built near the station location adjacent to the former SIR right of way to provide access to the parking lot for the Richmond County Bank Ballpark.
Sailors' Snug Harbor is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and two side platforms. It was closed on March 31, 1953 along with all other stations on the North Shore Branch. It is located in the Livingston section of Staten Island, north of Richmond Terrace. The stairway and wall which lead down to what once was the actual train station still stands today.
West New Brighton was a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two side platforms and two tracks. It closed on March 31, 1953. It was located in the West New Brighton section of Staten Island, north of Richmond Terrace between North Burgher Avenue and Broadway. It was 2.4 miles (3.9 km) from the Saint George terminus. Its location on private property has made it difficult to restore service on the North Shore Branch line. The tracks have been removed and the former right of way has been paved for truck use by a dockyard along the Kill Van Kull.
Port Richmond is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and an island platform. It is on a trestle at Park Avenue and Church Street. It was closed on March 31, 1953, along with the rest of the North Shore Branch and South Beach Branch. It is one of the few remaining stations along the North Shore line which still stands today, although in remnants.
Mariners' Harbor is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and one island platform. It is located in an open cut. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953, along with the South Beach Branch and the rest of the North Shore Branch. It is located in the Staten Island neighborhood of Mariners Harbor at Van Pelt Avenue about 4.6 miles (7.4 km) from the Saint George terminal. It is the western most station along the North Shore line which still stands today, although in remnants.
Harbor Road is a north/south street in Mariners Harbor Staten Island, NY. A train station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway previous existed there under the over pass at the top of the highest point of the street. The station was located in an open cut with two tracks and one island platform. It closed on March 31, 1953, along with the South Beach Branch and the rest of the North Shore Branch. It was demolished in 2004 during a reconstruction of the rail system for use by the nearby Howland Hook terminal.
Elm Park is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and two side platforms. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953, along with the South Beach Branch and the rest of the North Shore Branch. It is located in the Staten Island neighborhood of Elm Park, at Morningstar Road between Innis Street and Newark Avenue, in an open cut. The station is about 3.9 miles (6.3 km) from the Saint George terminal. It is one of the few remaining stations along the North Shore line which still stands today, although in remnants.
Livingston is a station on the abandoned North Shore Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It has two tracks and two side platforms. It was abandoned on March 31, 1953, along with the South Beach Branch and the rest of the North Shore Branch. It is located in the Livingston section of Staten Island, north of Richmond Terrace at Bard Avenue. It is 1.8 miles (2.9 km) from the Saint George terminal.
South Beach is a station on the demolished South Beach Branch of the Staten Island Railway. It had two tracks and two side platforms. It closed on March 31, 1953, along with the North Shore Branch and the rest of the South Beach Branch.
William Waterfield \"Wild Bill\" Widner was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of five seasons in the majors, from 1887 until 1891, for the Cincinnati Red Stockings, Washington Nationals, Columbus Solons, and Cincinnati Kelly's Killers.
That Handsome Devil is an American rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. The band obtains an innovative swing style and has been difficult to categorize, utilizing an electric mix of genres such as rock, funk, jazz, jive, blues, surf, R&amp;B, reggae, rockabilly, rap, even psychedelic. Their sound has also been described as \"equal parts Screamin\u2019 Jay Hawkins, bizarre electronica, creepy hip hop and in-your-face gonzo rock\". Gypsy jazz has been used in description of the band, while Godforbid himself describes the band's music as \"fringe pop\". Frontman Godforbid has been compared to Mike Patton, Tom Waits, and Mick Jagger, with his unique vocals described as a \"three way car crash between Louis Armstrong, Kurt Cobain, and Eminem.\"
Thomas Hager is an American author of popular science and narrative nonfiction.
Gorham A. Worth (1783-April 3, 1856) was a president of City National Bank. Worth was born in Hudson, New York. His father Thomas Worth had been among the founders of the community. It is a common mistake, repeated here and there, that his brother was General William Jenkins Worth; William Jenkins Worth was his cousin. . He was a clerk of the Bank of Hudson, a cashier of the Mechanics and Farmers Bank of Albany, cashier of the United States Branch Bank in Cincinnati, Ohio. He moved to New York as a cashier of Tradesman Bank and then to National City in 1825 and was named president in 1844. His home in Ohio is on the National Register of Historic Places.
November Group was also the name of a 1918 German political organization. November Group is a new-wave rock/pop band from Boston founded in the early 1980s by Kearney Kirby and Ann Prim.
Peter K. Manning (born September 27, 1940) is a sociologist who is an author and speaker on the topic of policing organizations.
FireEye is a computer security company that specializes in combating botnets and associated malware. Its security researchers have taken a couple of major botnets off-line and has published in depth research on various malware infection techniques like heap spraying. FireEye's \"Malware Intelligence Lab\" has been active in the research arena and increasing aggressive in its pursuit of web threats. It regularly publishes security blogs to warn the industry about the latest trends in cybercrime, Web 2.0 attacks and malware such as trojans, botnets, rootkits, and drive-by downloads.
Fake Problems is an American rock band from Naples, Florida. They released their first album, How Far Our Bodies Go, on Sabot Productions on April 27, 2007. Their second record, It's Great to Be Alive, was released through Side One Dummy Records on February 17, 2009.
TechShop is a member-based workshop located in Silicon Valley in Menlo Park, California that lets people of all skill levels come in and use industrial tools and equipment to build their own projects. The tools and equipment offered by TechShop include: manual mill, Tormach 3 axis CNC mill, and metal lathes. welding equipment including MIG, TIG, gas, arc and spot welders. sheet metal fabrication equipment. a 4-foot by 8-foot CNC plasma cutter that can cut 1/2\" steel plate. oscilloscopes and other electronics equipment. a variety of equipment for working with plastics and composites, including carbon fiber. two Epilog Laser Helix 45W laser cutter / engraver units. a Dimension 3D printer that builds objects by depositing fine layers of ABS plastic via fused deposition modeling. TechShop offers safety and basic usage training on all the tools and equipment, and on various other topics. Most classes take one hour and cost $30; some classes have an additional materials fee, typically $5. TechShop membership is available for $125 per month, $1200 for a year allowing use of all equipment (though for some machines, the safety and basic usage class must be completed first). A day pass is available for $75. There are also \"family\" and \"corporate\" memberships for a discounted price. TechShop annually participates in the Bay Area Maker's fair. They have machine demonstrations and classes available during the two day fair.
Jason Boe (1929\u20131990) was American optometrist from Oregon. A native of California, he served as the forty-seventh president of the Oregon State Senate. Prior to serving in the Senate he was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives
Greg Zerzan is an attorney in Washington, DC. He has held several prominent posts in government and is a frequent speaker on markets and public policy matters.
Ie Shima Airfield is a gunnery and training facility, managed by the United States Marine Corps and a former World War II airfield complex on Ie Shima, an island located off the northwest coast of Okinawa Island in the East China Sea. The airfield was inactivated after 1946 and largely returned to Japanese control in 1972.
Deborah S. Akers Ph.D. , JD. is an assistant professor of Cultural Applied Anthropology at Miami University, Ohio. She is both an author and researcher and currently has a segment with Talk Radio News, DC where she discuss her research findings on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and meditation and the benefits of Asian meditation techniques and holistic stress-free living. Dr. Akers was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and grew up in the Midwest. She earned a bachelor's degree in Arabic, a master's degree in Middle Eastern Studies and Anthropology, and a doctorate in Anthropology from The Ohio State University. She was one of the first students at The Ohio State University to receive her BA in Arabic. Her PhD dissertation on Saudi Arabia is entitled \u201CThe Tribal Concept in Urban Saudi Arabia\u201D (2001). Dr. Akers also holds a doctorate in Jurisprudence from Capital University. She moved to Washington, DC after graduation and worked as liaison officer with the U.S. Congress Foreign Affairs Committee on Bosnia and Iran and staff attorney and then director for oversight with the Committee on House Administration in the United States Congress for the Smithsonian and the Library of Congress. She has also spoken on the issue of human rights in front of the Congressional Caucus on Afghanistan. Among the countries where Dr. Akers has lived and conducted fieldwork are Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; as well as Tibetan monasteries in Dharamasala, India, and Katmandu, Nepal. The geographical areas of her research include the Middle East (Saudi Arabia and Persian Gulf) and Central Asia (Afghanistan, Nepal and Tibet). Her research in the Middle East since 1990 has focused on Political Tribal Systems and Political Islam in Saudi Arabia and the Persian Gulf. In her dissertation on The Tribal Concept in Urban Saudi Arabia, Dr. Akers examines the social and symbolic manifestations of clans, their psychological self-definition, and the consequences of modernization. Dr. Akers argues that understanding the clan concept as a form of group identification is essential to understanding Saudi sociocultural dynamics. She is currently conducting research in the Kingdom for her book on the social anthropology of Saudi Arabia . Dr. Akers has also co-translated into English and published short stories from the Arabian Peninsula and the Persian Gulf states, with social commentary. Among her scholarly works related to the Middle East are: My Days in Mecca (2009), Oranges in the Sun (2008), Histoires d\u2019Arabie Saoudite (2007), They Die Strangers (2001), Voices of Change (1998). Dr. Akers established the field school in the Tibetan refugee community in exile in northern India for her students at Miami University in the summer of 2005. Since then, she has been leading and directing field schools for groups of twenty in Dharamsala, India each summer. Here, students have an opportunity to study political issues and the non-violence doctrine espoused by the Dalai Lama. It has since become a semester long program and is associated with The Institute for Buddhist Dialectics. Since joining Miami University, Dr. Akers has taught courses on conflict in the Islamic world, world cultures, and Tibetan approaches to non-violence. She is currently writing on the social anthropology of Saudi Arabia as well as conducting research among the Tibetan community in exile in Dharamsala, India. Her work with Tibetan tortured political prisoners in India led to the development of a study on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) involving the use of Tibetan meditation techniques to treat PTSD among survivors of interpersonal abuse in Columbus, Ohio. The study is now in its second year. The first year results can be read here.
John Inskeep (January 29, 1757 \u2013 December 18, 1834) was a mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, serving twice, from 1800 to 1801 and from 1805 to 1806. He was born on his family's homestead near Marlton, New Jersey. As a member of the New Jersey militia, he took part in the Battle of Princeton and other engagements. On October 20, 1800, he was elected mayor of Philadelphia, succeeding Robert Wharton, who had been reelected but declined to serve. From 1802 to 1805, he served as an Associate Judge of the Common Pleas. In 1802, he was elected a director of the Insurance Company of North America, of which he served as president from 1806, on the death of Charles Pettit, to 1831, when he retired because of ill health. He died in Philadelphia, where he is buried in Christ Church Burial Ground.
Matthew Lawler (January 1, 1755 \u2013 July 14, 1831) was a mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, serving four one-year terms from 1801 to 1805. Lawler was active in the American Revolution, in which he commanded privateering ships, including the Holker and later the Ariel. He served as the chairman of the board of directors of the Philadelphia Bank (later the Philadelphia National Bank, and ultimately CoreStates Financial Corporation) at its organization in 1803. Lawler died in 1831 in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he was buried at the Episcopal Burial Ground. He and his wife, Ann Bevan Lawler, were reburied in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, in 1847.
Scrotum Grinder was a hardcore punk band from Tampa, Florida, United States. The band consisted of people who also were/are members of the following bands: Ass\u00FCck, Failure Face, Hankshaw, Watermark 6000 and In/humanity, to name a few. The band released a self-titled 7\" record and a split with another hardcore band called Combat Wounded Veteran, both of which were released on Burrito Records. Later, they released a full length album called The Greatest Sonic Abomination Ever on Prank Records. The band are especially known for their epic cover of the Judas Priest version of Joan Baez's \"Diamonds and Rust\". At a 1999 show in Atlanta, they played \"Diamonds and Rust\" for approximately eighteen hours. Toward the seventeenth hour of the song, prior to its explosive crescendo, singer Michelle Koger passed out from exhaustion. The band continued to play for another hour, after which Koger was revived and then able to sing the final verse of the song to the roaring applause of the crowd. They broke up in 2001.
Words Now Heard is a band whose roots lie deep in the culture of South Florida indie rock music. Words Now Heard is a blend of Pop/Rock/Indie and Soul, and is known for proprietor Chris Martin's energetic performances. Chris Martin's performance resume includes stops including: Warped Tour '05, Bamboozle '05, Skate and Surf '03, Florida Music Festival '05 and The Orange Bowl '05. He has also shared the stage with national acts including Fall Out Boy, The Offspring, Coheed and Cambria, My Chemical Romance, Say Anything, The Starting Line, and Dashboard Confessional.
Charles Salis Kaelin (19 December 1858, Cincinnati - 28 March 1929, Rockport, Massachusetts) was an American impressionist painter. He studied under John Henry Twachtman between 1876 and 1879, after which time he moved to New York City and joined the Art Students League of New York. In 1893 he returned to Cincinnati and worked as a designer for several lithography companies. He moved to Rockport, Massachusetts in 1916, where he painted landscapes and ships. His work is in the collection of the Cincinnati Art Museum, where he exhibited regularly throughout his career.
Jonathan Edwards was the 1st president of Washington &amp; Jefferson College following the union of Washington College and Jefferson College. Edwards was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on July 19, 1817. He graduated from Hanover College in 1835 and from Hanover's theological department in 1838. Edwards taught in Kentucky from 1838 to 1842 before becoming ordained clergy in the Presbyterian Church in 1844. He served as pastor at various churches in Ohio, Maryland, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Edwards served as the fifth president of Hanover College from 1855 through 1857. On April 4, 1866, Edwards was elected as the first president of the newly-unified Washington &amp; Jefferson College. By the end of his presidency, the college was considering consolidating the two campuses, a direction Edwards supported. Edwards resigned the presidency of W&amp;J on April 20, 1869 to accept a pastoral charge in Baltimore. He died in Peoria, Illinois on July 13, 1891.
Prince George South was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia beginning with the election of 1979.
Vancouver South was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia beginning with the election of 1966.
Danny Cox is a folk singer and songwriter best known for his 1974 LP album Feel So Good.
Terry Deleon Killens (born March 24, 1974 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Seattle Seahawks.
Calypto Design Systems, Inc. is a provider of software products in the electronic design automation industry. It is one of the first companies specifically targeting the ESL design space. Products include power optimization and formal verification tools. The company, with headquarters in Santa Clara, California, has offices in Japan, India, Europe, and North America.
Cypress is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912 as \"Gull Lake\". Since the district encompassed most of the Saskatchewan side of the Cypress Hills, the riding was renamed \"Cypress\" in 1917. Redrawn and renamed \"Shaunavon\" before 1934, the constituency was abolished before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the Cypress Hills and Wood River constituencies.
Wynyard is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. The district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912 as \"Quill Plains\". Renamed \"Wynyard\" in 1917, the constituency was abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the Arm River-Watrous and Kelvington-Wadena constituencies.
Notukeu was a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, located south of Old Wives Lake. This district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912 as \"Pinto Creek\", after the rural municipality and the creek that flows through it. Redrawn and renamed \"Notukeu\" in 1917, the constituency was dissolved and combined with the Willow Bunch district before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the Wood River constituency.
Maurice N. Harvey (born January 14, 1956 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Denver Broncos, the Green Bay Packers, the Detroit Lions, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Chester Lloyd \"Chet\" Orloff (February 22, 1949 \u2013) is a historian, writer and professor in Portland, Oregon, called \"one of [Oregon's] favorite history teachers\" by The Oregonian.
Kirk Edward Springs (born August 16, 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the New York Jets in the National Football League.
John Gerhard Sutthoff was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in the major leagues, between 1898 and 1905, for four different teams.
Joseph Anthony Sims (born March 1, 1969 in Sudbury, Massachusetts) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for five seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and Green Bay Packers.
Cut Knife is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created before the 4th Saskatchewan general election in 1917. Redrawn to include the former district of Lloydminster in 1934, the constituency was renamed \"Cut Knife-Lloydminster\" in 1964. This district was dissolved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the Lloydminster and Cut Knife-Turtleford constituencies.
Shara L. Aranoff is the Vice Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission. Aranoff was nominated to the Commission by President George W. Bush on April 27, 2005 for the term ending December 16, 2012. Her nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on July 29, 2005, and she was sworn in as a member of the Commission on September 6, 2005. President Bush designated her Vice Chairman of the ITC for the term June 17, 2006 through June 16, 2008. Prior to her appointment Aranoff was Senior International Trade Counsel on the Democratic staff of the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance, where she was responsible for legislative and policy issues on international trade and investment, including the Trade Act of 2002; negotiations involving the World Trade Organization, the Free Trade Area of the Americas, and numerous free trade agreements; trade remedy laws; Trade Adjustment Assistance; and trade-related environment and labor issues. From June 1993 until her Senate Finance Committee appointment in January 2001, she served as an Attorney-Advisor in the Office of the General Counsel at the U.S. International Trade Commission. Earlier in her career, Shara Aranoff was an Associate at the Washington, D.C. law firm of Steptoe &amp; Johnson, specializing in international trade and public international law. Prior to that, she served as a judicial clerk for the Honorable Herbert P. Wilkins, Associate Justice, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. Vice Chairman Aranoff holds a bachelor of arts degree, from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. She received her J.D. from Harvard Law School. She attended the Graduate Institute of International Studies, in Geneva, Switzerland as a Fulbright Scholar from 1984-1985. Originally from Framingham, Massachusetts, Aranoff is married to David Korn; they have two children and reside in Bethesda, Maryland.
Qu'Appelle-Wolseley is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934 by combining the constituencies of South Qu'Appelle and Wolseley. Redrawn and renamed \"Indian Head-Wolseley\" in 1975, the riding was dissoved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the Indian Head-Milestone and Regina Wascana Plains constituencies.
Lokah Music is an American pop band from Miami, Florida which was formed in the summer of 2007. The band consists of two lead vocalists, Sri Michael Shlofmitz and Uma Nanda Saraswati. The band's debut album, The Ivy Ceiling, features the vocal Stylings of Sting and a spoken word introduction by Russell Simmons. The husband and wife team of Roderick Wolgamott Romero and Anisa Romero, of Sky Cries Mary is featured on backing vocals. The album fuses traditional Indian kirtan with electronica and pop.
Jerry Fishman is an American former football player. He played college football for the Maryland Terrapins of the University of Maryland and was selected by the Baltimore Colts in the 1965 NFL Draft. Fishman gained notoriety when he twice gave an obscene gesture during the, which directly resulted in a 40-year hiatus of the series.
Shaunavon is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934 as \"Gull Lake\". Redrawn and renamed \"Shaunavon\" in 1952, the constituency was dissoved and combined with the Maple Creek district before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the Cypress Hills constituency.
Biggar is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912. The riding was dissolved and combined with the Rosetown district to form Rosetown-Biggar before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It was the constituency of Premier Woodrow S. Lloyd. It is now part of the Biggar provincial constituency.
Anthony Dirk \"Tony\" Barron (born August 17, 1966 in Portland, Oregon) is a former Major League Baseball player. Barron played for the Montreal Expos in 1996, and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1997. He batted and threw right-handed.
Cannington is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. The constituency was combined with the \"Souris\" district of Souris-Estevan before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975. It was the riding of Premier William John Patterson.
Dante Love is an American former college football player. He played as a wide receiver for the Ball State Cardinals at Ball State University until he suffered a cervical spine fracture during a 2008 season game. At the time of his career-ending injury, Love was the 2008 season's national leader in receiving yards, and he ranked as Ball State's career kick return yards leader and second-leading receiver in terms of yards and number of receptions.
Marine Transport Squadron 152 (VMR-152) was an air transport of the United States Marine Corps that was responsible for the movement of personnel, equipment, and supplies. The squadron flew fixed-wing cargo aircraft to include the R4D Skytrain and the R4Q Flying Boxcar. The squadron saw combat during World War II and the Korean War with their most notable contributions coming during the early stages of the Battle of Guadalcanal and during the Marine breakout during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir. The squadron was decommissioned in the late 1950s.
Oceana is an American post-hardcore band from St. Petersburg, Florida, that is signed to Rise Records. They released their debut album titled The Tide on March 4, 2008 and released their second album Birth. Eater on May 19, 2009. Although the members are Christian and Christian themes can be found in their lyrics, they do not consider themselves a Christian band.
Marine Fighting Squadron 218 (VMF-218) was a reserve fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps that was originally activated during World War II. Known as the \u201CHellions\u201D, they flew throughout the South Pacific but saw the majority of their fighting during the Philippines Campaign (1944\u201345). The squadron was credited with downing 18 enemy aircraft during the course of the war
Milton Eric Blau (June 1, 1921 &ndash; February 17, 2009) was the creator of the Off Broadway show Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris.
Antibody Solutions is an American biotechnology company specializing in antibody development and manufacture, immunoassay development and other biotechnological and biomedical research. The company serves pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and biomedical research organizations. The company was founded in 1995 and is located in the Silicon Valley.
Estevan is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created for the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908. The constituency was dissolved and combined with the Souris district before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the Estevan provincial constituency.
Melvin Johnson (born April 15, 1972 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. After graduating from St. Xavier High School in 1990 and playing college football for the Kentucky Wildcats, he was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the second round of the 1995 NFL Draft. Johnson later played for the Kansas City Chiefs in 1998.
Ball in the House is a five-man vocal pop/R&amp;B band from Boston, Massachusetts that performs nationally. They are best known as the group that recorded the Cool Whip jingle.
AMAX is a privately held, and ISO 9001 certified, custom computer system integration company that provides custom-built servers, graphics workstation and high performance computing systems for corporate, scientific, military, educational and governmental use.
GlobalFoundries Inc. is the world's third largest independent semiconductor foundry, with its headquarters located in Sunnyvale, California. GlobalFoundries was created by the divestiture of the foundry business of AMD on March 2, 2009, and was expanded through its merger with Chartered Semiconductor on January 13, 2010. Advanced Technology Investment Company (ATIC) is the largest investor in the company. GlobalFoundries manufactures integrated circuits in high volume mostly for semiconductor companies such as AMD, ARM, Broadcom, Nvidia, Qualcomm, STMicroelectronics and Texas Instruments. The company has five 200mm fabrication plants, and two 300mm fabrication plants, one operating in Germany, and one in Singapore. A new 300mm plant is also under construction in New York.
Wayne Edward Alley (born 1932) is a United States federal judge. Alley was born in Portland, Oregon. He received an A.B. from Stanford University in 1952. He received a J.D. from Stanford Law School in 1957. He was in the United States Army Lieutenant from 1952 to 1954. He was a law clerk, Supreme Court of Oregon, Salem, OR in 1957. He was in private practice in Portland, OR from 1957 to 1959. He was an Assistant staff judge advocate, Okinawa, Japan, Fort Sill, OK from 1959 to 1964. He was a member of the faculty of Judge Advocate General's School, Charlottesville, VA from 1965 to 1968. He was a Military Judge, U.S. Army Trial Judiciary, Saigon, Republic of Vietnam from 1968 to 1969. He was a Military Judge, U.S. Army Trial Judiciary, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii from 1970 to 1972. Judge, U.S. Army Court of Military Review, Falls Church, VA, 1972-1973; 1974-1975. He was a Chief Trial Judge, U.S. Army, Falls Church, VA in 1975. He was a Chief, Criminal Law Division, Office of the Judge Advocate General, Department of the Army, Washington, DC from 1975 to 1978. He was in the United States Army, Judge Advocate, Europe, Heidelberg, Germany from 1978 to 1981. He was a Dean and professor of law, University of Oklahoma College of Law, Norman, OK from 1981 to 1985. Alley was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. Alley was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on May 29, 1985, to a new seat created by 98 Stat. 333. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 10, 1985, and received his commission on July 11, 1985. He assumed senior status on May 16, 1999.
Anna J. Brown (born 1952) is a United States federal judge in the state of Oregon. A Portland native, she serves on the United States District Court for the District of Oregon.
The Route of the Franciscan Evangelisation in Guatemala can be found in central and western Guatemala.
The Route of the Agroindustry and the Architecture Victoriana is located in the central part of Guatemala. The site is being considered for inclusion in the World Heritage list of sites with \"outstanding universal value\" to the world.
Willis B. Hunt, Jr. (born 1932) is a federal judge serving on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Nominated by President Bill Clinton on January 23, 1995 to replace Horace Ward, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 24, 1995, and received his commission on the same day. Judge Hunt assumed senior status on June 30, 2005. His courtroom is located in the Richard B. Russell Federal Building and United States Courthouse in downtown Atlanta. Born in Malden, Massachusetts, Hunt graduated from Emory University in 1954 with an LL.B. Since graduation, Hunt has always been in government service or the private legal profession: after completing his degree, he served in the United States Army from 1955-1957, after which he was a special agent with the FBI from 1957-1959. Leaving the Bureau, he practiced law privately for thirteen years: in Clearwater, Florida, 1959-1960; in Atlanta, Georgia, 1960-1967; and in the Houston County, Georgia cities of Perry and Warner Robins, 1967-1971. At this time, Hunt re-entered government service, being a judge on the Houston County Superior Court from 1971-1986 before being elected to the Georgia Supreme Court in 1986. During his time on the Georgia Supreme Court, Hunt earned an LL.M. from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1990. On January 23, 1995, Hunt was nominated by President Bill Clinton to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by Horace T. Ward. Hunt was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 24, 1995, and received his commission the same day. Among Hunt's leading cases since his appointment to the federal bench was a major corruption trial in early 2001, in which the Atlanta Business Chronicle saw a connection to the scandals of the late Clinton administration. Hunt assumed senior status on June 30, 2005, but continues to hear cases in that capacity, and received some media coverage when he dismissed as \"farcical\" a lawsuit by prisoner Jonathan Lee Riches against Michael Vick.
George Keverian (June 3, 1931 &ndash; March 6, 2009) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as the Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985 until 1991. In his role in the legislature, he was an advocate for greater openness in leadership, free speech and government reform.
Harry Rabinowitz (born March 26, 1916 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a conductor and composer of film and television music. Harry Rabinowitz is the son of Israel Rabinowitz and Eva, n\u00E9e Kirkel. He was educated at the University of the Witwatersrand and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
George Adam Herman, Jr. (born April 12, 1928) is an American playwright and writer.
Janee Munroe (22 June 1923, Portland, Oregon-10 September 2006) was an American violist and the wife of cellist Lorne Munroe.
Shane Jolley is a Canadian politician, currently the male deputy leader for the Green Party of Ontario. Jolley defeated three other candidates to be elected to the position at the party's annual convention in 2008, and serves alongside Judy Smith Torrie, who is the female deputy leader. In the 2007 provincial election, Jolley was the Green Party's candidate in Bruce\u2014Grey\u2014Owen Sound and came in second place with more than 33 per cent of the vote, giving Jolley the best finish of any Green Party candidate in a Canadian federal or provincial election to date. In 2008, Jolley was convicted of trespassing following his arrest for looking in the window of a private home in Owen Sound in the middle of the night. Jolley claimed he was on the trail of a suspected bicycle thief and went to the house in question by mistake. Jolley was given two years' probation on condition he avoid contact with the homeowners and pay them $1,000 for a home security system.
Blackleach Burritt (1744 \u2013 August 27, 1794) was a preacher during the American Revolutionary War. During the American War of Independence, he was incarcerated in the Sugar House Prison in New York City.
After launching from Jacksonville, FL in the summer of 2005 with the catchy prog-rock single, \"Consider This\", A New Ascension quickly garnered international attention as a progressive studio outfit with mainstream appeal. Lead by Jared Boice, this ongoing venture continues to produce rich \"eye-catching\" music with a message encouraging social change and the pursuit of a more fulfilling path of life.
Francis is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the town of Francis, Saskatchewan. This district was created before the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908. The riding was dissolved and combined with the Milestone and Qu'Appelle-Wolseley districts before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the constituency of Indian Head-Milestone.
Gravelbourg is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 5th Saskatchewan general election in 1921. Redrawn and renamed \"Assiniboia-Gravelbourg\" in 1975, the riding was dissoved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the Wood River constituency.
Edmund Noble (January 8, 1853 \u2013 January 8, 1937) was an Anglo-American author, journalist, philosopher, editor.
George Adolphe Pechiney (September 20, 1861 in Cincinnati, Ohio - July 14, 1943 in Cincinnati, Ohio), was a Major League baseball pitcher from 1885-1887. He played for the Cleveland Blues and Cincinnati Red Stockings.
Marine Attack Squadron 543 (VMA-543) finished its active service as an A-4 Skyhawk attack squadron in the United States Marine Corps. The squadron, also known as the \u201CNight Hawks\u201D, were part of the Marine Forces Reserve and were based at Naval Air Station Glenview, Illinois until their deactivation on April 1, 1974. Originally activated during World War II, they fought in the Battle of Okinawa as part of the Tactical Air Force. The squadron was credited with downing 15 Japanese aircraft during the war. Following the surrender of Japan, the squadron was deactivated only to be later reactivated as part of the Reserves. They were again deactivated in 1974 and remain in an inactive status today.
Saskatoon County is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Created as \"Saskatoon\" before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905, the district encompassed the three communities that merged to form the city in 1906. Redrawn and renamed \"Saskatoon County\" in 1908, the riding was abolished and combined with the districts of Biggar, Rosthern and Hanley before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the constituencies of Martensville, Saskatoon Southeast, and Rosetown-Elrose.
Lloydminster is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created before the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908. Abolished in 1934, the riding was incorporated into the district of Cut Knife. This constituency was reconstituted for the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995.
South Qu'Appelle is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. The district was created before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905, and abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It was the riding of former Premier of the North-West Territories and Saskatchewan Opposition leader Frederick Haultain. It is now part of the constituencies of Indian Head-Milestone and Regina Wascana Plains.
Thunder Creek is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912. The constituency was dissolved and combined with the Arm River, Morse and Lumsden districts before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. This district was revived for the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975.
Michael Keppele (September 9, 1771 \u2013 February 2, 1821) was a lawyer, alderman, and mayor of Philadelphia, 1811\u20131812. Graduated from the University of the State of Pennsylvania in 1788. He was admitted to the Philadelphia bar on September 18, 1792. In 1806, he became an alderman, replacing Michael Hillegas. He was elected mayor on October 15, 1811, and served a one-year term. He died in Philadelphia.
James Nelson Barker (June 17, 1784 \u2013 March 9, 1858) was an American soldier, playwright, and politician. He rose to major in the army during the War of 1812, wrote ten plays, and served as mayor of Philadelphia.
Major General John Barker (c. 1746 \u2013 April 3, 1818) was twice mayor of Philadelphia, by trade a tailor. Barker served in the Revolutionary War and remained active in the military through 1808, when he retired as Major General of the First Brigade, First Division. He served twice as sheriff of Philadelphia, from 1794 to 1797 and 1803 to 1807. He was appointed an alderman of the city of Philadelphia by Governor Thomas McKean on October 22, 1800. He was elected mayor by the Select and Common Councils on October 20, 1808, and was re-elected in 1809 and again, after an interval of two years, in 1812. During the War of 1812, he served on the city's Committee of Defense. He died in Philadelphia at age 72.
San Pascualito (also known as San Pascualito Muerte and El Rey San Pascual) is a folk saint associated with Saint Paschal Baylon and venerated in Guatemala and the Mexican state of Chiapas. He is called \"King of the Graveyard. \" His veneration is associated with the curing of disease, and is related to the Latin American cult of death. The tradition may be related to the worship of a pre-Columbian death god. San Pascualito is represented as a skeleton, sometimes caped or wearing a crown. The veneration of San Pascualito is not approved by the Roman Catholic Church.
Afara Websystems Inc. was a Sunnyvale, California, USA server company whose goal was to build servers surrounding a custom high-throughput CPU architecture, \"developing IP traffic management systems that will bring quality-of-service to the next generation of IP access infrastructure. \" The word \"Afara\" means \"bridge\" in the West African Yoruba language.
Nipissing West was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Ontario, active from 1902 to 1908. Due to population growth, the district of Nipissing was divided into Nipissing West and Nipissing East for the 1902 election. By 1908, however, the town of Sudbury had grown enough to warrant its own electoral district. The electoral district of Sudbury was carved from Nipissing West that year, while the remainder of Nipissing West became the new district of Sturgeon Falls.
Nipissing East was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Ontario, active from 1902 to 1908. Due to population growth, the district of Nipissing was divided into Nipissing East and Nipissing West for the 1902 election. By 1908, however, population changes in Nipissing West led to that district being divided into the new districts of Sudbury and Sturgeon Falls, and Nipissing East was dissolved back into the Nipissing district.
Kim Byong-Cheol (aka Kim Byung Chul) was the 1992 Olympic gold medalist in Taekwondo. In 1992 Taekwondo was a demonstration sport. Kim won the final match in the featherweight division for South Korea. As of 2009, GrandMaster B.C. Kim, now a 7th degree blackbelt, manages World Champion Taekwondo School with locations in Portland, Beaverton and Scappoose, Oregon. GrandMaster Kim is the head instructor at the Beaverton location. His former teammate Kim Je-Kyoung is the head instructor at the Lake Oswego location.
Robert T. Conrad (1810\u20131858) was the first mayor of Philadelphia to take office following the Consolidation Act of 1854. Prior to being elected mayor, Conrad was recorder (part-time judge) for the suburban township of Northern Liberties, which became part of the city under the Consolidation Act. In the 1854 Philadelphia mayoral election, Conrad was the nominee of both the Whigs and Know Nothings (later known as the American Party). He won in a landslide, riding a wave of nativist sentiment that swept the United States in the mid-1850s. Conrad was active as a writer and editor, and worked on such local periodicals as the Philadelphia Gazette (of which he also became part owner). He was also a talented poet and dramatist: according to his obituary in the New York Times, his play Jack Cade was \"one of the few American tragedies to hold the stage. \" Notably, Conrad lived in West Philadelphia (at the corner of Lancaster Road and Market Street) at a time when that part of the city was largely uninhabited.
Henry Harrison (Lancashire, England, ca. 1713 \u2013 January 3, 1766) was a merchant and politician, and the mayor of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1762\u20131763. In his early life, he was a ship captain, of the ship The Snow Squirrel. He served as an alderman in Philadelphia. On October 5, 1762, he was appointed mayor of Philadelphia, serving until October 4, 1763. He was a member and vestryman of Christ Church. He also served as manager of the Public Hospital. He died in Philadelphia, where he was buried in Christ Church Burial Ground. His stone is inscribed \"Alderman and sometime Mayor of Philadelphia, A Christian and useful Citizen. His desolate Widow, sadly bewailing her irretrievable loss, and striving to alleviate her grief with the memory of his worth, Erected this Stone.\"
Sturgeon Falls was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Ontario, active from 1908 to 1934. The district was created when the former district of Nipissing West was divided into Sturgeon Falls and Sudbury for the 1908 election.
David William Frye (born June 21, 1961 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and tMiami Dolphins.
Awesome New Republic is a two-piece indie band from Miami, Florida consisting of Michael John Hancock and Brian Robertson. Their debut album, ANR So Far, was released with critical acclaim from online magazines such as Stereogum, and received play on the BBC and KCRW. ANR So Far was featured on Pitchfork Media and received 7.9/10.
Marine Aircraft Group 40 is a composite United States Marine Corps aviation unit that is based in Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point and currently deployed to Afghanistan and serves as the aviation combat element for Marine forces supporting Operation Enduring Freedom. The group is currently composed of two CH-53 squadrons, one light attack helicopter squadron, one AV-8B Harrier II squadron, one MV-22 Osprey squadron, one KC-130 tactical aerial refueling squadron, one unmanned aerial vehicle squadron and an aviation logistics squadron. MAG-40 deployed to Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 and falls under the command of the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade.
Emory Jenison Pike (December 18, 1876 &ndash; November 16, 1918) was a United States Army officer during World War I who earned the Medal of Honor for his actions at Vandieres, France on September 15, 1918. An 1901 graduate of West Point, and the only West Point graduate to be awarded the Medal of Honor during World War I, Pike was a Lieutenant Colonel at Vandieres. His daughter was presented his Medal of Honor after the war.
David Bragdon (born 1959) is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He is the president of Metro, a regional government entity in the Portland metropolitan area. In the private sector, Bragdon has driven a cab, worked in shipping at Nike, chartered freighters, represented Evergreen Airlines, and worked as a marketing manager for the Port of Portland. He chaired the Oregon Port Planning and Development Advisory Committee under Governor Neil Goldschmidt in the late 1980s. His brother, Peter Bragdon, was Governor Ted Kulongoski's chief of staff in the early 2000s. He ran for the Oregon House of Representatives in 1996, but lost to Chris Beck in the Democratic primary. Bragdon was first elected to the Metro Council in 1998. He was elected regionwide as the first Metro Council President in 2002, and was reelected in 2006 without an opponent. He is a train enthusiast, and as a kid wrote a book about bus riding. In response to speculation that he would run for mayor of Portland in 2008, Bragdon issued a press release stating that he would not run for office in any city in that year. His term as Metro Council president ends in 2011. He is a member of the Big Look Task Force, which works on land use policy in Oregon.
Cyrus Abda (C. A. ) Dolph (September 27, 1840 - June 22, 1914) was a businessman in Portland, Oregon in the United States. He was a promoter and counselor of various financial and railway enterprises of the Pacific Northwest of the United States. He was born September 27, 1840, on a farm near Havana, Chemung, now Schuyler County, New York. He was called Abda in honor of one of his forefathers, Abda Dolph, who was born in Bolton, Massachusetts, in 1740, and served with distinction in the Revolutionary war, as did his brother Charles.
Marine Observation Squadron 4 (VMO-4) was an observation squadron of the United States Marine Corps which saw extensive action during World War II and was later activated in the Marine Corps Reserve . They were last based at Naval Air Station Atlanta near Atlanta, Georgia and were deactivated on May 23, 1993 as part of the post-Cold War drawdown of forces.
The Clefs of Lavender Hill were a folk rock band from Miami, Florida. The group formed in 1966 around the nucleus of brother and sister Travis and Coventry Fairchild, the chosen stage names of Joseph and Loraine Ximenes. Adding Fred and Bill Moss, of the group The Twilights (who had released one single, \"She's There\", in 1965), they released a single entitled \"First Tell Me Why\" on Thames Records. The B-side of the single, \"Stop! Get a Ticket\", became a hit on Miami radio stations, and eventually Date Records picked it up for national distribution. The record reached #80 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single \"One More Time\" followed, peaking as high as #114. When follow-up records failed to chart, a planned full-length was shelved, and Date dropped the group. By 1968 the group had disbanded.
The Eclectic Collective was a crossover band from Boston, Massachusetts. Members include Dua Boayke (vocals), Salim Akram (guitar), Sheel Dave (drums), RP Thompson (keyboards), Graham Masser (bass), Special Blend (turntables), Santi Araujo (guitar), AfroDZak (trumpet/rap vocals), Rob Oswald (saxophone), and Noni Kai (vocals). The group released two albums, but many reviewers have complained that the quality of the band's recorded material was not up to the standard of their live shows. The band pulls from many different genres, including rock, indie, R&amp;B, soul, funk, hip hop, jazz, and alternative. \u201CRemember 311? Remember the good parts of 311? Well, if you took all the good parts of 311 and added some soul-influenced vocals, At the Drive-In-esque guitars, fusion-y keyboards, and a female vocalist that could put most pop singers to shame, you might be getting somewhere near what Eclectic Collective is. But you wouldn\u2019t quite be there yet. \u201D \u2013WERS 88.9 Boston\"
Will Hall (born 1966), is a mental health advocate, writer, and counselor. Diagnosed with schizophrenia, he is recognized internationally as a leading organizer with the psychiatric survivor movement. In 2001 he co-founded the Freedom Center and in 2005 became a co-coordinator of The Icarus Project. He has consulted with Mental Disability Rights International, the Family Outreach and Response Program, and the Federal Office on Violence Against Women. Hall hosts the FM radio program Madness Radio, syndicated on the Pacifica Network, and in 2009 co-founded Portland Hearing Voices. He lives in Portland Oregon, where he studies Process Oriented Psychology and has a counseling practice.
Slade Norris (born October 25, 1985 in Portland, Oregon) is an American football linebacker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Raiders in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oregon State.
Kim Je-Kyoung (as known as Kim Je-Gyoung) was the 1992 Olympic gold medalist in taekwondo. In 1992 taekwondo was a demonstration sport. Kim won the final match in the heavyweight division for South Korea. Kim also took the gold medal at the 11th, 12th &amp; 13th Taekwondo World Championships 1993, 1995, &amp; 1997 in New York, Manila and Hong Kong, respectively.
Robert Alfred Sylwester (born January 5, 1927) is an Emeritus Professor of Education at the University of Oregon in the United States.
Casey Neill is an American musician. He leads Portland, Oregon-based band Casey Neill &amp; The Norway Rats, singing with a raspy vocal quality and playing electric and acoustic guitars. Neill's style, folk-punk, mixes influences from punk, Celtic and folk music, and has been compared to R.E.M. and The Pogues. The Norway Rats include Jenny Conlee of The Decemberists on keyboards and accordion, among other established Portland musicians Adam East, Little Sue, Hanz Araki and Ezra Holbrook of Dr Theopolis.
Gabrielle Dennis is an American television and film actress and television host. Since 2008, she has had a recurring role on The CW series The Game.
Tavant Technologies, Inc. is a specialized IT Services and Solutions company that focuses on developing and maintaining mission-critical applications for its customers. Tavant is an ISO 27001, SAS 70 Type II certified and SEI-CMMI Level 4 organization. Tavant has been recognized globally for its innovative solutions, people practices, growth and for its contribution to the open source forum.
RMISERY is a three-piece heavy metal band, based in Palmetto, Florida. Also representing the Bradenton and Sarasota area. Music influences include such heavy metal bands as: Slayer, Metallica, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, with the likes of Machine Head_ (band), and Black Label Society.
Ryan T. Murphy (born 1971) has since March 2009 been the associate music director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, working with music director Mack Wilberg. Murphy's previous positions have included directing choirs at the New England Conservatory of Music and the Walnut Hill School for the Arts. He has also been music director at the Tuacahn Amphitheatre and Center for the Arts and the Sundance Institute in Provo. A native of Newtown, Connecticut, Murphy attended Brigham Young University, earning a bachelor's degree (1997) and a master's degree (2002). In 2009, he received a doctorate in choral conducting from Boston University. While a student at BYU Murphy served as an assistant to then BYU professor Mack Wilberg.
Redwater was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada from 1940 until 1971 and again from 1993 until 2004.
Acclarent, Inc. is a privately-held, venture-backed company. It is based in Menlo Park, San Mateo County, California. Acclarent develops technology for the ENT (Ear, Nose and Throat) medical field.
Matthew H. Tennant (born March 19, 1987) is an American football center. He currently attends Boston College in his senior year. Tennant is considered one of the best centers available for the 2010 NFL Draft.
The Z Rink is an indoor arena located in Glastonbury, Connecticut, in the United States. It is the home arena of the Connecticut Blaze of the PIHA and Hartford Fire Ants of the AIHL.
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores) is a video game development studio internally owned by Electronic Arts. They are perhaps best known for the critically acclaimed Dead Space series.
Charlene Diane Dallas was Miss California for 1966, as well as first runner-up to Miss America for 1967. She had a number of minor acting roles, including one as Laura Beige in the 1975 film Rancho Deluxe. She had second billing in the 1989 film Criminal Act, playing Sharon Fields.
Paul Stephen Allen (born November 19, 1951) is a British business magnate, President of Cognis Corporation and Executive Vice President Functional Products. Allen was born into near poverty in Sheffield, England. His father Ronald Allen was a steel worker and former RAF firefighter, his mother Betty Allen n\u00E9e Toes a dental assistant. He has one sister, Jane Hardwick who lives in nearby Rotherham. Allen has been President of Cognis USA since 2004, as well as Executive Vice President of Cognis' Strategic Business Unit: Functional Products since January 2006. Allen studied German, Spanish, Russian and French at the University of Bath, Freie Universit\u00E4t in Berlin, and the London Institute of Purchasing and Supply. Allen went on to become business manager of Diamond Shamrock Process Chemicals and was required to move to Fontainebleau, France in 1985. When Diamond Shamrock was purchased by Henkel, Allen assumed a position as head of Henkel Canada after moving to Hamilton, Ontario in 1988. In 1991 Allen moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, USA and continued to work for Henkel. Allen became head of Nutrition and Health in 2002 until his appointment as head of Functional Products.
Silpancho is a typical Bolivian food from the city of Cochabamba. It consists of a base layer of rice, followed by a layer of boiled and sliced potatoes, followed by a thin schnitzel-style meat, followed by another layer of chopped tomato, onion and parsley mixed together and topped with either one or two fried eggs.
North Calgary was a provincial electoral district that existed from 1913 to 1921. The district returned a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in two general elections.
South Calgary was a provincial electoral district from Alberta, Canada. The electoral district returned a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1913 to 1921. After 1921 the district was abolished and reconstituted to a five member district.
Jim Elkins was a famous crime boss in Portland, Oregon in the mid-20th century. Elkins was involved in numerous illegal activities for several decades in the mid-20th century, and was known for his brutality. His testimony, supported by over 70 hours of audio recordings of conversations he made on his own, was a prominent feature in the McClellan Committee investigations into organized crime that commenced in 1957.
Christmas in Guatemala is very specific. They dress up in whats called a Purtina. Its a fancy hat they put on and dance in a line. Guatemalans are Spanish so they sing Spanish songs along with it. So they sing and dance and have a little fiesta with it. Mayan in Mexico is where they get it from.
Carlos Mauricio Valenti Perrillat (b. Paris, November 15, 1888 \u2013 d. Paris, October 29, 1912) was a French-born painter, who worked predominantly in Guatemala. An artist with the gift of an undeniable talent who, in spite of living within the moral repressions and strict conventional customs of a Guatemalan time outlined by a dictatorship, he was able to develop one of the most important works for the art history in the XX century. He is considered as pioneer of modern Guatemalan art.
Rafael Rodr\u00EDguez Padilla (b. January 23, 1890 \u2013 d. January 24, 1929) was a Guatemalan painter, printmaker and sculptor. In 1920 he was cofounder and became the first director of the Guatemalan Academia Nacional de Bellas Artes (National Academy of Fine Arts), which merged into the Escuela Nacional de Artes Pl\u00E1sticas \"Rafael Rodr\u00EDguez Padilla\". Rodr\u00EDguez studied sculpture under the Venezuelan Santiago Gonz\u00E1lez (1850\u20131909) in Guatemala. Afterwards he went to Spain, where he finished his studies under Luis Muriel y L\u00F3pez. After his return to Guatemala, he painted his famous self-portrait. He committed suicide in 1929.
Rafael Yela G\u00FCnther (b. Guatemala City, September 18, 1888 \u2013 d. Guatemala City, April 17, 1942) was a Guatemalan painter and sculptor.
Inkwell is an indie rock band from Winter Park, Florida. They have released three full length albums and one EP, as well as a collaboration with former techno artist Floorboard. They are currently signed with One Eleven Records. The band consists of two members, Travis Adams, former frontman from My Hotel Year and Davey Pierce who has worked with of Montreal. The band recently performed a small tour with of Montreal along the east coast. Their most recent album Rivers of Blood and Sadness, or Maybe Happy was released on iTunes music store April 21, 2009.
Joseph Morgan Wilcox (1790-1814) was an American military officer who was killed during the Creek War. A native of Connecticut and graduate of the United States Military Academy, Wilcox was commissioned as a Lieutenant and served with the United States 3rd Infantry. On January 15, 1814, Wilcox was tomahawked and scalped by a group of Creek warriors near the Alabama River. Wilcox County, Alabama, formed from land ceded to the United States as a result of the Creek War, is named in his honor, although he was buried at Fort Claiborne in Monroe County.
William Butler (?-1818) was an American militiaman who fought in the Creek War. Born in Virginia, he moved first to Georgia where he briefly held elected office before moving west into the Alabama Territory. He served as a militia leader during the Creek War from 1813-1814. He was killed by Native Americans near Butler Springs, Alabama on March 20, 1818 when a group of local settlers he was leading was attacked by Native Americans under the command of a man named Savannah Jack. The bodies of he and five others were found mutilated the next day. Butler County, Alabama is named in his honor.
Laura Ross-Paul (born 1950) is a contemporary painter of oil and wax in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.
James Lauderdale (1780\u20131814) was an American military officer who died during the War of 1812. Native to Virginia, Lauderdale moved to Tennessee as a young man. In 1813, he joined a unit of cavalry militia under General John Coffee. He later served under General Andrew Jackson, and was wounded during the Battle of Talladega in what was called the Creek War. He was then commissioned as a colonel but died during the first Battle of New Orleans in 1814.
Stephen F. Hale (1816\u20131862) was an American politician and military officer. A resident of Alabama, he signed the Confederate States Constitution and was later commissioned as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Confederate States Army. He also served as Alabama's secession commissioner to Kentucky in an effort to convince the latter state to join the rebellion. He was wounded at the Battle of Gaines' Mill in Virginia and died soon after in Richmond. Hale County, Alabama is named in his honor.
Okotoks was a provincial electoral district in southern Alberta, Canada. The electoral district was created in 1909 to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and abolished in 1930. The electoral district was named after the town of Okotoks.
Olds was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1909 to 1963. The district was combined with the Didsbury electoral district to form Olds-Didsbury. The district was named after the town of Olds, Alberta.
The Museo Nacional de Arqueolog\u00EDa y Etnolog\u00EDa (MUNAE; National Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology) is a national museum of Guatemala, dedicated to the conservation of archaeological and ethnological artefacts and research into Guatemala's history and cultural heritage. The museum is located the capital Guatemala City, at Finca La Aurora. First created by a governmental decree on 30 June 1898, the institution and collections of MUNAE relocated premises several times subsequently, until established in its present building in 1946. It has some 3000 square metres of exhibition space, and 1500 sq.m. devoted to restorative and research purposes. MUNAE's collections amount to some 20 thousand archaeological artefacts and 5 thousand ethnological items.
Jerry Knowles is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 124th legislative district. He was first elected in a special election in May, 2009 to fill the vacancy left by Dave Argall who was elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate to succeed the late Senator James J. Rhoades. He defeated his Democratic opponent, Bill Mackey, with more than 70% of the vote. Prior to his election to the state House, Knowles served as councilman and mayor of Tamaqua, Pennsylvania and later a Schuylkill County commissioner.
Oscar Franklin Miller (October 25, 1882\u2013September 29, 1918) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War I.
Alexander Petrovich Mezhirov was a Russian poet, translator and critic. Mezhirov was among what has been called a \"middle generation\" of Soviet poets that ignored themes of communist \"world revolution\" and instead focused on Soviet and Russian patriotism. Many of them specialized in patriotic lyrics, particularly its military aspects. According to G. S. Smith, Mezhirov and a number of other \"middle generation\" poets \"were genuine poets whose testimony, however well-laundered, to the tribulations of their times will endure at least as long as their generation.\"
There were six independent candidates in the 2007 Manitoba provincial election, none of whom were elected. One independent candidate, Conrad Santos, was formerly a Member of the Legislative Assembly with the New Democratic Party. Information about the other candidates may be found here.
Kari Johnson (born 1983) is a beauty queen from Beaverton, Oregon. She held the title of Miss Hollywood 2007 and finished 2nd runner up at Miss California 2007 .
Tyler Allen Sheehan is an American football player. He currently plays as a quarterback for the Bowling Green Falcons at Bowling Green State University.
Robert H. Klonoff is the dean of Lewis &amp; Clark Law School in Portland, Oregon, United States. In the last ten years, the Lewis &amp; Clark Law School Environmental Law program has been the highest-rated in the United States eight times. It also has strong programs in business law, intellectual property, animal law and legal writing.
The Boston Museum is a planned history museum for the city of Boston, Massachusetts. The Museum will bring the region's 400-year history into focus, inspiring local residents and visitors from across the globe to explore Boston\u2019s rich heritage, historic sites and cultural attractions. A 100,000 square-foot museum and marketplace concept is now in active development, with additional plans for a low-lying pedestrian bridge to serve as a gateway to the museum and a critical connector of park parcels along the Rose Kennedy Greenway. It will be located in the heart of downtown Boston, adjacent to the Rose Kennedy Greenway and the Freedom Trail, and located near to Faneuil Hall Marketplace. The Boston Museum will collaborate and develop partnerships with schools, universities, libraries, museums, research institutes, and civic organizations. The museum promises to be a forum, a gateway for extending value to the community. The planned building will be designed by Cambridge Seven Associates. The proposal includes five core exhibition galleries, a gallery for national touring exhibitions, an all-purpose theater space, educational spaces, a City Room, a groundfloor marketplace, and a green roof.
Kerrobert is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located in west-central Saskatchewan, this constituency was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912. The district was dissolved and combined with the former Kindersley riding before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the present-day Kindersley constituency.
Kindersley is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912. The district was dissolved and combined with the Kerrobert riding before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the present-day Kindersley constituency.
Rev. Colman E. O'Flaherty, Irish, 1874-1918. O'Flaherty was born in Carraroe, later emigrating to the U.S.A.. He was ordained at Sioux Falls on September 15, 1901 and spent the following eighteen years there, serving at Chamberlain, Kimball and Mitchell. He had been largely instrumental in the development of Columbus College at Chamberlain and of Notre Dame Academy at Mitchell. He established and built a record seven churches in nine years in South Dakota. He joined the 28th Infantry of the American Expeditionary Force sent to France during World War I and was killed in action by shellfire on October 1, 1918. He was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, the citation of which read: For extraordinary heroism near Very, France, Chaplin O'Flaherty displayed conspicuous gallantry in administering to the wounded under terrific fire, exposing himself at all times to reach their sides, and give them aid. In the performance of this work, he was killed. He was the older brother of Mayor of Galway Michael O'Flaherty (elected 1949) and uncle of Patrick O'Flaherty (born 1928, elected 1964).
Skin Chamber was one of side projects of Controlled Bleeding members Paul Lemos and Chris Moriarty. Unlike Controlled Bleeding, Skin Chamber had a distinct guitar-based sound that was similar in tone to early Swans (cited by the band as their main influence), the music was also informed by extreme metal and was not dissimilar to the band\u2019s other side projects, namely Fat Hacker and Joined at the Head.
Reach the Sky was an American hardcore punk band from Boston, Massachusetts.
Ixchel Museum of Indigenous Textiles and Clothing or Museo Ixchel del Traje Indigena is a museum in Guatemala City, Guatemala. The museum explores the Guatemalan traditions of dress throughout the country and also has notable collections of ceramics, textiles, jewelry and books. The museum is housed on the campus of Francisco Marroquin University.
The Guatemalan National History Museum or Museo Nacional de Historia is a national museum in Guatemala City, Guatemala. The museum has an xhibition of historic objects reflecting the economy, society and culture of Guatemala since its independence in 1821.
The Guatemalan National Natural History Museum or Museo de Historia Natural is a national natural history museum in Guatemala City, Guatemala. The museum has an extensive collection of Guatemalan flora and fauna specimens, and has a significant number of archives from geology and paleontology in the country.
The Chichicastenango Regional Museum or Museo Regional is a museum in Chichicastenango, Guatemala. It is located at the Iglesia de Santo Tom\u00E1s and has a number of noted ancient artifacts in jade, stone, and ceramic. Some of the clay figurines and ancient clay pots dat back to 1200. It also contains a number of obsidian spear and arrow heads found in the area. The museum is often called Museo Arqueol\u00F3gico Rossbach because a significant part of the collection was donated by Idelfonso Rossbach, a German Franciscan priest who served in the town from 1894-1944.
James George Snitzer (1926 &ndash; 22 March 1945), also known as Jimmy Snitzer, was an American film actor. He was killed while serving with the United States Army in 1945. Snitzer came from a family connected to the Hollywood film industry. His father, Louis A. Snitzer, was a Hollywood agent, and his sister Miriam Snitzer was a film actress. Before his enlistment in the military, Snitzer played numerous youthful film roles. The Snitzer family resided on Benedict Canyon Road in Beverly Hills, California. Snitzer enlisted in the United States Army during the Second World War. In 1944 he was deployed to Europe as a member of the U.S. Army, 413rd Infantry Regiment, 104th Infantry Division He reached the rank of Private First Class and had the service number 19203598. Snitzer was killed in action in Asbach, Germany on 22 March 1945. Snitzer was survived by his parents, a sister and a brother. He is buried at the Henri-Chapelle American Cemetery and Memorial in Henri-Chapelle, Belgium. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart.
The Hotel Museo Uxlabil is a museum and hotel in Antigua Guatemala, Guatemala. It has belonged to the wealthy Pellecer family for five generations. Inside the museum there are valuable pieces, including the bed of a King of Mosquitia, manufactured originally in Jamaica and then was brought to the Lagoon of Pearls by the middle the 19th century. There is also a bathroom tub made of marble which is believed to weigh two tons. In the living room of the Uzlabil are two very large paintings painted sometime between 1850 and 1860 by Toribio Jerez, a noted Nicaraguan artist, demonstrating the ties the Pellecer had with Nicaraguan high society. Both portraits are of eminent church pastors. The museum also serves as a hotel and has 10 large guest rooms.
The Centro Cultural la Azotea (\"La \" Cultural Center) is a cultural center and museum complex, located in the township and municipality of Jocotenango in Guatemala's Sacatep\u00E9quez Department. It lies some 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of the department's capital Antigua Guatemala in the city's modern outskirts, and is approximately 43 kilometres (27 mi) from the national capital, Guatemala City. The center comprises three separate museums, on the grounds of a coffee-growing estate or finca. The center contains a coffee museum, which illustrates the history of processing and marketing Coffee production in Guatemala, the Mayan Music Museum, also known as Casa K'ojom which houses Mayan musical instruments from pre-Columbian times, and the Rincon de Sacatep\u00E9quez Museum which has items related to traditional Guatemalan dress. The center also offers horse riding facilities and tours of the small coffee estate.
Aircraft Commander, Warrant Officer 1, Timothy Cole Jr. was killed by hostile fire in Quang Tin Province I Corps. , South Vietnam on October 18, 1968 during a MEDEVAC mission. During his nine months in combat Tim (call sign Dustoff 19) flew over 800 missions and evacuated over 1600 personnel earning him the Silver Star, 5 Distinguished Flying Crosses, the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry, the Purple Heart, and multiple Air Medals. His flying abilities, as a highly decorated DUSTOFF pilot, immediately became legendary.
Benair Clement Sawyer, sometimes incorrectly referred to as \"Benjamin\" Sawyer (October 18, 1822 \u2013 March 13, 1908), was the Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1862 to 1864.
Chris and Conrad is an American contemporary Christian music duo from Lakeland, Florida, consisting of Chris Kuti and Conrad Johnson. In early 2009 the duo was named the \"#2 Artist You Oughta Know\" by CCM Magazine. \"Lead Me to the Cross\", a radio version of the worship song written by Brooke Fraser, was released in early 2009 as the their first single. In August 2009, it reached #3 on Billboard magazine's top Christian Songs chart. \"Lead Me to the Cross\" was also their first #1 song on the Christian Radio Weekly Inspirational Chart on May 18, 2009 as well as the #1 song on the Billboard Soft AC/Inspirational Chart from July 20 to August 10, 2009. The duo's self-titled debut album, Chris and Conrad, was released May 5, 2009 and was co-produced by Kuti, Johnson, and David Garcia. It features a 30-minute documentary on the making of the project including video of the songwriting sessions for the album. The second single from the debut project, \"You're the One\" is scheduled for release in late 2009 and will be preceded by a short-form video directed by Jon Ward of Jonny Grand Films and Media.
Anthony Steven \"Tony\" Pike (born March 10, 1986 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football quarterback for the Cincinnati Bearcats.
Wildfire Promotion Builder is a tool for companies, non-profits, and individuals to create interactive promotions. The tool was recently used to end the Facebook Terms of Use dispute by allowing users to vote on governing documents.
The TPC at River Highlands, formerly the TPC of Connecticut, is a private golf club located in Cromwell, Connecticut which is a part of the Tournament Players Club network operated by the PGA Tour. Since 1984 it has been the venue for the tour's annual Travelers Championship, previously known as the Greater Hartford Open. The club was founded in 1928 as Middletown Golf Club. From 1934 it was known as Edgewood Country Club before being bought by the PGA Tour. The golf course was then redesigned to TPC standards by renowned golf course architect Pete Dye, and reopened as the TPC of Connecticut in 1984. In 1989 the course underwent further remodelling, this time by Bobby Weed in consultation with Howard Twitty and Roger Maltbie, and renamed the TPC at River Highlands.
David Thompson Watson McCord (December 15, 1897 New York - April 13, 1997) was an American poet, and college fundraiser.
Edmonton-Sherwood Park is a former provincial electoral district located in the Alberta cities of Edmonton and Sherwood Park. The electoral district was split in 1986 between Edmonton-Gold Bar and Sherwood Park.
Tara Lynn Osseck is currently Miss Missouri 2009. Before being named Miss Missouri 2009 she was Miss Lake of the Ozarks 2009. She is a talented tap dancer and her platform for the year will be \"Education and Awareness of Eating Disorders\". Osseck is a 2004 graduate of Duchesne High School in St. Charles, Missouri. She then went on to atttend Truman State University where she graduated in 2007. She currently attends the University of Memphis working on a Master of Health Administration. Osseck will compete in the Miss America 2010 pageant broadcast live on TLC from the Theatre for the Performing Arts at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino on January 30, 2010. She did not make the Final 15.
Robert Half International, based in Menlo Park, California, is an American staffing firm, and a member of the S&amp;P 500. Founded in 1948, Robert Half International (RHI) is the world's first and largest specialized staffing firm, with over 400 locations worldwide. In 2009, the company was ranked first in its industry (temporary help) on Fortune magazine's list of World's Most Admired Companies.
Matthew Dickman is an American poet. He received a B.A. degree from the University of Oregon (2001), and has been the recipient of fellowships from The Michener Center for Writers at the University of Texas at Austin, The Vermont Studio Center, and The Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown. He is the author of two chapbooks, Amigos and Something about a Black Scarf. His first book, All-American Poem, was winner of the 2008 American Poetry Review/Honickman First Book Prize in Poetry, published by American Poetry Review and distributed by Copper Canyon Press. He was also winner of the 2009 Kate Tufts Discovery Award for that book, and the inaugural May Sarton Award from the American Academy of Arts &amp; Sciences.
Ancient Fishweir Project is a collaborative group that creates an annual public art installation on Boston Common. In the spring of each year, members of the Massachuset and Wampanoag Native American tribes work with students, educators and artists to construct a fish-weir in honor of the people who built fishweirs 3500 to 5200 years BP in the area that is now urban Boston. The fishweir construction is based on archeological discovery of wooden stakes from fishweirs, including the Boylston Street Fishweir, that are still buried under the streets of the Back Bay, Boston. The early fishweirs, fence-like structures of wood and brush, were built in tidal flats to catch alewife, smelt and herring during the spring spawn. The time of the spring fish spawn, and the beginning of new growing season, is traditionally considered the New Year for Wampanoag and Massachuset people. In traditional culture it is said that the fish return to spawn in the streams when \u201Cthe oak leaf is as big as a mouse\u2019s ear\u201D.
'N Sync (occasionally stylized as *NSYNC) was an American boyband. The band has sold more than 56 million records worldwide. Formed in Orlando, Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich, 'N Sync consisted of Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Lance Bass, Joey Fatone and Chris Kirkpatrick and became the third highest selling boyband of all-time. After heavily publicized legal battles with their former manager Lou Pearlman and former record label Sony BMG, the group's second album No Strings Attached sold 1.1 million copies in one day and 2.4 million copies in one week, giving it the highest first week album sales ever in US and #5 worldwide. In addition to a host of Grammy nominations, 'N Sync has performed at the Academy Awards, the World Series, the Super Bowl and the Olympics, and sang or recorded with the likes of Mandy Moore, Aerosmith, Mary J Blige, Britney Spears, Nelly, Michael Jackson, The Jackson Five, Stevie Wonder, Celine Dion, and Gloria Estefan. The group also appeared as themselves on The Simpsons, in an episode entitled \"New Kids on the Blecch\", which aired on February 25, 2001. The band are among the highest selling musical acts of the 2000s, and have emerged as one of the most acclaimed boy bands. While 'N Sync announced a \"temporary hiatus\" in spring 2002, the band has not recorded new material since. The group's official website shut down in summer of 2006, and in 2007, a rumor occurred that Lance Bass confirmed that the group has \"definitely broken up.\"
Christians &amp; Lions is a band based out of Jamaica Plain and has been a notable part of the Boston DIY scene. They released one record, More Songs for Dreamsleepers and the Very Awake, on ECA Records in 2005. They are currently on their self-operated label, Floating Garbage Continent and released an EP called Bird's Milk in 2009. All of the band's music is available to download for free on the band's website for a suggested donation.
Dark Castle is an American doom metal band formed by guitarist\u2013vocalist Stevie Floyd and drummer\u2013vocalist Rob Shaffer in 2005. They released their first full-length album, Spirited Migration, in 2009.
Marcellus Holms Chiles (February 5, 1895&ndash;November 5, 1918) was an American soldier serving in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.
Wilbur E. Colyer (March 5, 1898&mdash;October 10, 1918) was an American soldier serving in the U.S. Army during World War I who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.
Arcadia is a weekly television show about video gaming and related subject matter. It is produced by 18-50 Televisi\u00F3n Guatemala The show is hosted by Tom\u00E1s G\u00E1lvez.
Walter Edward \"Jiggs\" Parrott (July 14, 1871 in Portland, Oregon - April 14, 1898 in Phoenix, Arizona), is a former professional baseball player who was a infielder in the Major Leagues from 1892 to 1895. He played for the Chicago Cubs.
Simcoe West was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Ontario, active from 1875 to 1926 and from 1987 to 1999.
Parker F. Dunn (died October 23, 1918) was an American soldier serving in the United States Army during World War I who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.
Peter Broderick (b. January 20 1987) is an American musician and composer from Portland, Oregon. He has released solo material under his own name, been a member of Efterklang and, played with several ensembles as a session musician.
Emantras is a global digital education company founded in 2000 that is headquartered in Fremont, California. Emantras have development centers in Chennai and Gurgaon, India, and a widespread presence across the globe. Emantras provides training, education and work flow solutions worldwide for Fortune 500 corporations, academic institutions, publishers and everywhere in between.
Henry W. Tucker (1919-1942) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Navy Cross for his actions during World War II.
Rhomobile Inc. offers an open-source Ruby-based mobile development framework for business mobility solutions. It enables software programmers to build applications for mobile devices using HTML. Rhomobile\u2019 s Rhodes framework supports development for the iPhone, Windows Mobile, Google Android, Symbian and BlackBerry operating systems.
Michelle Clunie is an American actress known for playing Melanie Marcus in Queer As Folk. Clunie attended the Academy of Professional Ballet before moving to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career. Over the years, she has appeared in and The Usual Suspects. Clunie has also made guest appearance in several television shows including JAG, Judging Amy, ER Season 3 - Episode 2, Boy Meets World, Diagnosis Murder, House M.D. , Without a Trace, and . She has toured in The Vagina Monologues.
Peter A. Ibold (born August 1, 1936), is an American naval architect.
Marion Milton Magruder (June 27, 1911 - June 27, 1997) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps and a pioneer in Radar Intercept Night Fighting. He was the first commanding officer of Marine squadron VMF(N)-533, then known as \"Black Mac's Killers\", and led that squadron during the Battle of Okinawa in World War II.
Annie Haven Thwing (July 4, 1851-June 5, 1940), also known as A.H. Thwing and Anne Haven Thwing, was an historian and children's author.
The Saturday Club, established in 1855, was an informal monthly gathering in Boston, Massachusetts, of writers, scientists, philosophers, historians and others. Notable members included Louis Agassiz, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Asa Gray, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. , Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Lothrop Motley, Charles Peirce, Charles Sumner, and others. For many years, the club met at the Parker House, the hotel built in 1854 by Harvey D. Parker. Image:Oliver Wendell Holmes - Portrait. jpg|Oliver Wendell Holmes Image:Agassiz Louis 1807-1873. png|Louis Agassiz Image:Charles Sanders Peirce theb3558. jpg|Charles Peirce Image:Sumner and Longfellow. jpg|Charles Sumner and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, 1863 Image:Parkers Ballous1855. JPG|Parker's, School Street, Boston, 1855 Image:Emerson seated. jpg|Ralph Waldo Emerson, ca.1872 Image:Asa Gray, US botanist. jpg|Asa Gray Image:John Lothrop Motley - Brady-Handy. jpg|John Lothrop Motley, ca.1860
Logan Dennis Lynn (born October 15, 1979) is an American songwriter, composer and singer from Portland, Oregon. Lynn is most commonly classified as an artist in the folk rock, pop, electronic, techno and dance genres and has released three studio albums, one mixtape and one EP. Videos of Lynn's previous singles have been featured on Logo, MTV, VH1 and Spike.
Robert A. \"Bob\" Loftus, Sr. (died on June 22, 2009) was one of the longest serving mayors in Pittston City, Pennsylvania history. He served for 20 years, spanning from 1961-1980.
Alfred Wolf (1923\u20131943) was a United States Navy sailor who distinguished himself in combat during World War II and later died in action. A U.S. Navy destroyer escort was named for him.
Edward Tiffin Harrison Warren (June 19, 1829 &ndash; May 5, 1864) commanded a Virginia infantry regiment and occasionally held interim brigade command in the Army of Northern Virginia during American Civil War.
Thomas Lee Hall (1893&ndash;October 8, 1918) was a S.C. National Guard Soldier from the 118th Infantry Regiment, 30th Infantry Division serving with the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
Donald B. Steinaker (1922\u20131942) was a United States Marine Corps private first class who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II. Donald Baur Steinaker was born at Syracuse, New York, on 15 September 1922. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Reserve on 20 March 1941. He served at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island at Parris Island, South Carolina, and at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, before he was sent to the South Pacific for service during World War II. During the Guadalcanal campaign, Private First Class Steinaker was killed in action at the Matanikau River on Guadalcanal on 9 October 1942 when his unit was attacked during a heavy Japanese offensive. The small group of U.S. Marines fought furiously against the overwhelming Japanese forces and exacted a tremendous toll. Steinaker refused to be dislodged from his position and died at his post.
John Albert \"Socko\" Wiethe (October 17, 1912 &ndash; May 3, 1989) was a professional American football guard/linebacker in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Detroit Lions (1939-1942).
James Davidson Heriot (November 2, 1890&ndash;October 12, 1918) was a S.C. National Guard Soldier from the 118th Infantry Regiment, 30th Infantry Division, United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.
Milo Lemert (March 25, 1890&ndash;September 29, 1918) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
Shelton B. Sutton, Jr. (1919\u20131942), was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II for whom two U.S. Navy ships were named.
Arthur S. Adams (July 1, 1896 \u2013 November 18, 1980) was an American academic most notable for having served as president of the University of New Hampshire. He also served as Assistant Dean of Engineering and Director of the Engineering Science Management War Training Program and Provost at Cornell. In 1948 he was appointed president of the University of New Hampshire. From 1962-1965, he served as the second president of the Salzburg Global Seminar, a non-profit organization based in Salzburg, Austria, whose mission is to challenge current and future leaders to develop creative ideas for solving global problems. Dr. Adams co-authored The Development of Physical Thought and Fundamentals of Thermodynamics.
Derald Wing Sue, Ph.D. is a professor of psychology at Columbia University. He is one of the most cited multicultural scholars in the United States. He is the author of several books, including Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Overcoming our Racism, and Understanding Abnormal Behavior.
Milton Lewis (1920\u20131942) was a United States Marine Corps corporal who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Battle of Tulagi during World War II.
The Restauration Center for Movable Goods of Guatemala is a Guatemalan government agency responsible for the restauration of artefacts that belong the nation's cultural heritage. CEREBIEM was previously known as Unidad de Rescate del Patrimonio Cultural (URPAC) which was established in 1976. The center is currently a dependency of the Institute of Anthropology and History of Guatemala (IDAEH).
Margaret Bechard is an American author of contemporary science fiction for children and young adults.
Moblyng, based in Redwood City, California is a developer and publisher of cross-platform social applications . As of July 2009, Moblyng Games (a division of Moblyng) is the only developer with casual game titles available on several web and mobile platforms including Facebook, iPhone, Android, Palm and Nokia.
Nullset (originally known as Gangsta Bitch Barbie) was a Alternative Metal / rap-rock hybrid band from Boston, Massachusetts.
Ben Selling (April 29, 1853\u20131931) was a businessman, philanthropist, civil rights advocate, and politician Portland, Oregon, United States. He was a noted leader in the Jewish community, and he owned a clothing store in downtown Portland. Selling served as President of the Oregon State Senate (for one session, 1911) and Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives (also for one session, 1915). He ran for the United States Senate in 1912, losing by a few hundred votes to Harry Lane.
Richard William O'Neill (August 28, 1898 &ndash; April 9, 1982) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
Dwite H. Schaffner (November 5, 1889 &ndash; November 22, 1955) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
George H. Mallon (June 15, 1877 &ndash; August 2, 1934) was an officer in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
Sidney E. Manning (July 17, 1892 &ndash; December 15, 1960) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
Archie A. Peck (November 22, 1894 &ndash; September 15, 1978) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the World War I.
William J. Pattison (1921\u20131943) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions.
Merton B. Myers (1921\u20131943) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received a posthumous Silver Star for his actions.
Go Radio is a band from Tallahassee, Florida. It was formed by former Mayday Parade vocalist, guitarist and lyricist Jason Lancaster in April 2007. Go Radio released their debut EP Welcome to Life in August 2008. The band has recently completed their second tour with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and has recorded another release. On September 8, 2009 the band released their first studio update. They revealed that they were in the process of recording a new EP with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount, both of whom produced Mayday Parade's A Lesson in Romantics. On October 5, 2009, Go Radio released two of the songs from the EP on their MySpace. Go Radio will release their second EP, Do Overs and Second Chances on April 20th, 2010. This will be the band's debut on Fearless Records.
Habichuelas con dulce is a sweet bean liquid dessert from the Dominican Republic that is especially popular around the Easter holiday. The beverage is part of the cuisine of the Dominican Republic and is traditionally garnished with galleticas de leche, \"round milk cookies engraved with a cross and known as Guarina\" (the brand name), or with casabe, \"a flatbread made of yuca flour. \" Habichuelas con dulce is made with red beans, cinnamon, nutmeg, coconut milk, condensed milk, raisins, butter, sugar and salt. The beans are boiled with salt and then blended to the consistency of soup. The cocunut milk and condensed milk are added along with cooked sweet potato chunks. Cloves and ginger can also be added as flavorings.
Robert A. Belet (1914\u20131942) was a United States Marine Corps master techincal sergeant who received a Silver Star for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II.
Patrick J. Walsh (1908\u20131942) was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions.
Walter S. Gorka (1922\u20131942) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received the Air Medal posthumously for his actions.
Stanley F. Kline (1901\u20131942) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions.
Raymon W. Herndon (1918\u20131942) was a United States Marine who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II.
Seymour D. Ruchamkin (1918\u20131942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his actions in combat during World War II.
John J. Kirwin (1918\u20131943) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his actions in combat during World War II.
Extron Logistics, LLC is an American company that provides solutions to supply chain operations.
Scalr is an open source web based cloud computing platform for managing Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud. The project was started in April 2008 by Intridea to provide scalable infrastructure for MediaPlug (a media sharing service) and is now maintained at Google Code. Scalr provides, according to one reviewer, \"90% of the features, at 10% of the price\" of main competitor RightScale. Scalr received favorable reviews since the code was first made freely available under the GNU General Public License (version 2), including TechCrunch, HighScalability, the official AWS blog, and CNet, as well as private blogs. Scalr is available as a monthly subscription service since mid-2008.
Jesse Williams commanded a Louisiana regiment in the American Civil War. He briefly held brigade command at the Battle of Gettysburg. The 2nd Louisiana Infantry was organized in 1861, being mustered into the Confederate service on May 11 of that year. Jesse M. Williams was named captain of the Pelican Rifles, a company recruited in DeSoto Parish and Natchitoches Parish. The original officers of the 2nd Louisiana earned a reputation for drunkenness. Perhaps for this reason, the regiment was reorganized in May 1862 with J. T. Norwood as colonel and Williams as lieutenant colonel. By then the regiment, led by Col William Levy, had seen combat under the command of BG Howell Cobb in the 1862 Battle of Yorktown and the Battle of Seven Pines in the division of MG John B. Magruder. When Col Norwood was mortally wounded at the Battle of Malvern Hill during an assault by Magruder's division, Williams was named his successor. He led the regiment in the Army's Second Louisiana Brigade at the Battle of Cedar Mountain, the Second Battle of Bull Run and the Battle of Antietam in the brigade of BG William E. Starke in Stonewall Jackson\u2019s command. Williams was wounded in the chest at Antietam in the fighting along the Hagerstown Road. Col Williams did not return to his regiment in time for the Battle of Fredericksburg. Williams returned to active duty in 1863. The regiment fought under BG Francis T. Nicholls at the Battle of Chancellorsville. When Nicholls was wounded on May 2, 1862, eventually losing a foot, Williams became acting brigade commander. The brigade served on the left flank of the Confederate line on May 3, eventually running low on ammunition. Jesse Williams remained acting brigade commander in the Gettysburg Campaign under MG Edward Johnson. In that role, Williams led the attack on Stephenson\u2019s Depot on June 15, 1863, cutting off the retreat of many of the federal troops of Gen Robert Milroy defeated in the Second Battle of Winchester. At Gettysburg on July 2, Williams\u2019 brigade was involved in Johnson\u2019s attack on Culp's Hill. In his report, Williams complained that he was not supported on right right by the brigade of BG John M. Jones. That Louisiana brigade was involved in a renewed assault on July 3. The battle cost Williams 291 of 1,104 troops engaged. Williams later forwarded a petition of his officers asking to be permitted to refill their ranks or go onto garrison duty. This may have helped cost Williams any chance at promotion. Command of the Second Louisiana Brigade was given to BG Alfred Iverson for the Bristoe Campaign, but it passed eventually to BG Leroy A. Stafford. Williams led his regiment through 1863 under these commanders and at the beginning of 1864 under Stafford. Williams led his regiment at the Battle of the Wilderness, in which Gen Stafford lost his life. Col Zebulon York was Stafford\u2019s immediate successor, but Williams seems to have succeeded to command in time for the Battle of Spotsylvania Courthouse. Williams was killed at the on May 12, 1864, during the attack of the federal II Corps on the Confederate lines. Ltc Ross E. Burke succeeded to command of the regiment.
The Tremont Street Methodist Episcopal Church in Boston, Massachusetts, was built in 1862 from a design by architect Hammatt Billings.
Alex M. Diachenko (1919\u20131943) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received a posthumous Silver Star for his actions.
Triple C's, also known as Carol City Cartel, is a rap group founded by Rick Ross after he left Suave House Records. It includes members Gunplay (born Richard Morales) from Miami, Torch (born Kevin Belnavis) from the Bronx, and Young Breed. They have been featured on Rick Ross' first two albums Port of Miami and Trilla. Additionally, Gunplay appeared on Rick Ross' third studio album Deeper Than Rap. Their first studio album, Custom Cars &amp; Cycles, was released October 27. On the first week, the album sold 12,100 copies.
Joseph R. Odum (1913\u20131942) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions in combat during World War II.
The Badener Greifs are a German American football club from Karlsruhe, Germany.
Urban John Vehr (May 30, 1891&mdash;September 19, 1973) was an American clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Denver from 1931 to 1967.
Stapleton Crutchfield served as a Confederate artillerist in the American Civil War. He was closely associated with Stonewall Jackson until the latter's death. Crutchfield lost a leg in battle, removing him from service in the field. He returned to field service in the last campaign in Virginia, losing his life.
Phillip David \"Dave\" Puzzuoli (born January 12, 1961 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a former professional American football nose tackle in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Cleveland Browns (1983-1987).
Mike Byrne (born February 6, 1990) is the drummer for The Smashing Pumpkins. When Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan called for rehearsals to replace Jimmy Chamberlin, Byrne, a freshman at the Berklee College of Music, was chosen out of thousands of applicants. He played drums in Sky Saxon tribute band Spirits in the Sky for 6 shows in August of 2009, along with Corgan, Kerry Brown, Kevin Dippold, Mark Tulin, Linda Strawberry, Ysanne Spevack, Mark Weitz, and Dave Navarro, and also will perform drums on the new Pumpkins album, Teargarden by Kaleidyscope.
Katherine Carson is a beauty queen from Oviedo, Florida who was crowned Miss Florida in 2002. She had previously won Miss Largo. Carson represented Florida in the 2003 Miss America pageant. Carson is an alumna of the University of Central Florida.
Gerald Burns (b. 1940 Detroit, Michigan - 2002) was an American poet, and artist.
Founded in 1997, Mirapoint is the market leader in appliance-based solutions for secure message networks in enterprise, service provider, and education organizations, with more than 120 million mailboxes served and secured worldwide. In 2005, Radicati named Mirapoint the 4th largest provider of corporate email.
There were five independent candidates in the 1969 Manitoba provincial election. One independent candidate, Gordon Beard, was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba for the northern electoral division of Churchill. Information about other candidates (including independent candidates who ran in by-elections between 1969 and 1973) may be found on this page.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba ran a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1969 Manitoba general election, and won 22 seats to emerge as the second-largest party in the legislature. When the New Democratic Party was able to form a minority government under Edward Schreyer, the Progressive Conservatives became the Official Opposition. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also includes information about Progressive Conservative candidates in by-elections between 1969 and 1973.
Kinistino is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located in north-central Saskatchewan, it was centered on the town of Kinistino. This constituency was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. Dissolved and combined with the Melfort riding in 1971, the district was reconstituted before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975. It is now part of the constituencies of Batoche, Melfort, and Saskatchewan Rivers.
Luis Rolando Ixquiac Xicar\u00E1 (born 1947) is an indigenous artist born in Quetzaltenango, Guatemala.. He studied at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Pl\u00E1sticas in Guatemala, and continued his studies in Paris, France. He is known, principally in Latin America, for his ability to combine abstract art with vernacular art forms to represent elements of the natural Guatemalan landscape, including animals. While Ixquiac Xicara shares the tradition of neo-na\u00EFf, or folk imagery, art, he creates images through a modernist abstract lens. He works in oil on board and canvas, and also produces drawings and watercolors on paper. Ixquiac Xicar\u00E1's art is held in the collection of the Museo Nacional de Arte Moderno \"Carlos M\u00E9rida\" in Guatemala City, and in the collection of the Museo de Arte Contemporaneo in Panama City. His paintings have been sold at auction by Bonhams in Los Angeles and Clars Auction Gallery in Oakland, California. He has been represented by Artique and the Galeria El Tunel, both in Guatemala City. He has had solo exhibitions in diverse venues, including Casa de America Latina, Paris, France; Moscicki Center in Brussels, Belgium; and the French Cultural Center in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. Museum and gallery curators have also included his art in group exhibits, among them the IV Biennial Americana de Grabado in Santiago, Chile; the Museum of Contemporary Art in Panama City, Panama; and a Contemporary Mayan Art exhibit in Norway.
Bang was an American hard rock band from Florida, active briefly in the early 1970s. The group released several albums and had one minor hit single with \"Questions\", which reached #90 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Sutter Hill Ventures is a private equity firm focused on venture capital investments in technology-based start-up companies. The firm is based in Palo Alto, CA. Founded in 1964 by Bill Draper and Paul Wythes, Sutter Hill is one of the oldest venture capital firms still in operation. Draper would leave Sutter Hill in 1981 to serve as Chairman of the U.S. Export-Import Bank and later as Administrator and CEO of the United Nations Development Program. Sutter Hill Ventures has investments in companies such as: Nvidia, Quinstreet, Lifescan, Volomedia, and Palm, Inc.
Bosko Kante (born 1984) is a record producer, singer, and songwriter.
Dominic Randolph (Born November, 11, 1986, in Amelia, Ohio) is the starting quarterback for the Holy Cross Crusaders football team. Randolph is currently a senior.
Souris is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. The constituency was dissolved and combined with the Estevan district before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the provincial constituencies of Estevan and Cannington.
Souris-Estevan is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created for the 7th Saskatchewan general election in 1934 by combining the districts of Souris and Estevan. The constituency was dissolved and divided between the districts of Estevan and Cannington before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975.
Radioboxer is a bilingual, indie-alternative rock powerpop band from Miami, Florida. Started in 2008, their music is highly varied, mixing styles from punk and electronica with Latin rhythms and folk, with a hint of 60's and 70's music, altogether in their own genre. They are known for their dynamic shows, which include high-energy theatrics to accompany their unique style. Radioboxer has been voted the Reader's Choice \"Best Band\" in Miami in the newspaper The Miami New Times.
The Beantown Swing Orchestra is a Boston-based 18-piece big band that was formed in 2006 by Frank Hsieh. Initially specializing in performing the classic dance music from the Swing Era, the band has since expanded its repertoire to include music from the 1950s and 1960s, particularly the arrangements that were sung by Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald. Since 2007, almost all of the band's charts have been transcribed or arranged by trumpeter Danny Fratina. The group's best-known vocalist is American Idol finalist John Stevens, although it also features various female vocalists, including singer/songwriter Erin McKeown. The band performs regularly at weddings, parties, fundraisers, concerts, and dances throughout the Northeastern United States. The band appears as itself in the 2008 movie My Best Friend\u2019s Girl. Two tracks previously recorded live by the band - Hava Nagila and Sing, Sing, Sing - were used in wedding reception scenes that depicted the band performing. Since January 2009, the band has been working with Boston radio personality Ron Della Chiesa to promote classic American swing music, both on the radio and via live performances hosted by Chiesa. Jennifer Hirsh, the band's longest tenured vocalist, was a contestant on American Idol Season 9, having advanced to Hollywood after singing \"Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead\" in the Boston auditions. She did not advance past the first Hollywood round. The band recently recorded an original version of the Foxwoods Resort Casino theme song \"The Wonder Of It All\" for a contest to determine the casino's next jingle performer. They were among ten finalists chosen to perform their version live at Foxwoods on February 27, 2010.
Willow Bunch is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the rural municipality of Willow Bunch. This district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912. The constituency was dissolved and combined with the Notukeu district before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the Wood River constituency. A federal electoral district in the same area called \"Willow Bunch\" existed from 1924 until 1935.
Crestbrook Park Golf Course is located in Watertown, Connecticut. It is designed for public use and includes four tennis courts, a volleyball court, a horseshoe pit, pool, pavilion and restaurant. In addition to its eighteen holes, Crestbrook has a five acre practice facility including driving range and three practice greens.
Last Mountain is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Centered on the town of Strasbourg, it included the northern half of Last Mountain Lake. This constituency was created for the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908. It was dissolved and combined with the Touchwood district before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975. A federal electoral district in the same area existed from 1914 to 1935.
The Manitoba Liberal Party fielded 56 candidates in the 1966 provincial election, and won 14 seats to retain their status as the second-largest party in the legislature. They formed in the official opposition in the legislature after the election. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also include information about Liberal candidates in by-elections between 1966 and 1969.
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba (NDP) fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1969 provincial election, and won 28 seats to emerge as the largest party in the provincial legislature. After a brief period of political uncertainty, the party was able to form a minority government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also includes information about New Democratic Party candidates in by-elections between 1969 and 1971.
Touchwood is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located south of the Wynyard district in east-central Saskatchewan, it was centered on the Touchwood Hills. This constituency was created for the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908. It was dissolved and combined with the Last Mountain district before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975.
Michael Dickman is a poet born (1975) in Portland, Oregon. His work has appeared in The New Yorker, The American Poetry Review, Field, Tin House, and Narrative Magazine. He attended five colleges (Portland State, University of San Francisco, Portland Community College, Marylhurst University and University of Oregon) and has been the recipient of a fellowship from The James A. Michener Center for Writers at the University of Texas. His poem \u201CReturning to Church\u201D was awarded the 2008 Narrative Prize by Narrative Magazine. Dickman\u2019s first book, End of the West, was published in 2009 by Copper Canyon Press. Michael, and his twin brother poet Matthew Dickman, were the subject of an April 6, 2009 New Yorker profile.
Jessy J (born December 20 in Portland, Oregon) is a saxophonist/singer in the smooth jazz music genre.
Maple Creek is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. It was dissolved and merged with part of the Shaunavon riding before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995 to form the constituency of Cypress Hills. A federal electoral district in the same area existed from 1914 to 1953.
Ellen Meade, was Miss Florida, 1973
Draper, Gaither &amp; Anderson (DGA) was one of the first venture capital firms founded in the western United States. The firm was founded in 1959 in Palo Alto, California by pioneering venture capitalist William H. Draper, Jr. Draper was joined by Rand Corporation founder Rowan Gaither as well as Frederick L. Anderson, Jr. , a retired Air Force general. Prior to DGA, venture capital in the United States was located primarily on the east coast. DGA was the first venture capital firm known to have used the current format for creating limited partnerships to serve as venture capital funds. The fund's holdings were distributed profitably to its various investors at the end of 1966.
Milestone is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, south of Regina. Originally named \"South Regina\", this constituency was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. It was dissolved and merged with the Bengough district before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975. It is now part of the constituency of Indian Head-Milestone.
Prince Albert City is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This constituency was one of 25 created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. Renamed Prince Albert in 1917, the district was dissolved before the 1967 Saskatchewan election and divided into Prince Albert West (later \"Prince Albert-Duck Lake\") and Prince Albert East-Cumberland. It is now part of the constituencies of Prince Albert Northcote and Prince Albert Carlton.
Lincoln is a historical provincial electoral division in Ontario, Canada, which was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario between 1867 and 1999. It was located on the Niagara Peninsula; at various times, there was also a federal electoral district of the same name represented in the House of Commons.
Philip Schneider (April 23, 1947 - January 1996) claimed to be an ex-government structural engineer involved in building deep underground military bases in the United States. Schneider claims he possessed a level 3 security clearance, \"Rhyolite 38\", and that he was one of only three people to survive a violent battle in which 66 humans died (44 of which were American and 22 from other countries), which he claimed occurred in 1979 between \"Grey aliens\" and U.S. military forces at the Dulce underground base.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba ran a full slate of fifty-seven candidates in the 1966 provincial election, and elected thirty-six members to form their third consecutive majority government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also includes information about Progressive Conservative candidates in by-elections between 1966 and 1969.
Redberry is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the town of Hafford. This constituency was one of 25 created before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. Dissolved in 1934, the district was reconstituted before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938, and renamed \"Redberry Lake\" in 1995. It is now part of the constituencies of Biggar and Rosthern-Shellbrook.
Chapea is a bean stew: a very popular dish from the countryside of the Dominican Republic. Cooked red beans with longaniza (Dominican sausage), rice, and ripe plantain are the basic ingredients, with cooked and mashed squash used as a thickener. The flavor is distinguished by the herb, cilantro, and a dash of sour orange juice (naranja agria). Variations include different kinds of meat and vegetables with cooked beans served in a thick broth made from auyama, a Dominican squash.
Pheasant Hills was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered just north of the town of Grenfell. This district was one of 25 created before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. Originally named \"Grenfell\", this constituency was renamed Pheasant Hills in 1908, after a range of hills north of the Qu'Appelle River valley near Grenfell, Saskatchewan. The district was abolished before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938. It is now part of the constituencies of Moosomin, Last Mountain-Touchwood, and Melville-Saltcoats.
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba ran fifty-three candidates in the 1966 provincial election, and elected eleven members to remain as the third-largest party in the provincial legislature. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here. This page also includes information about New Democratic Party candidates in by-elections between 1966 and 1969.
John Passmore was an American politician. He served as the first mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1818 to 1820.
Samuel Carpenter was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1821 to 1823.
John Mathiot was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1831 to 1843.
Nathaniel Lightner was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1824 to 1830.
Edward Edgerly was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1888 to 1890.
Robert Clark was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1890 to 1894.
Edwin Smeltz was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1894 to 1898.
John Piersol McCaskey was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1906 to 1910.
Harry L. Trout was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1915 to 1920.
Horace E. Kennedy was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1920 to 1922.
Frank Musser was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1922 to 1930.
James Ross was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1934 to 1938.
Dale Cary is a former American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1938 to 1950.
Kendig C. Bare was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania twice, once in 1950 and again from 1951 to 1958.
T. Warren Metzger was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1930 to 1934.
Howard Bare was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1950 to 1951.
Thomas J. Monaghan is an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania twice, once from 1958 to 1962 and again from 1966 to 1974.
Arthur E. Morris is an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1980 to 1990.
Janice C. Stork is an American politician. She served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1990 to 1998.
Albert B. Wohlsen, Jr. is an American politician. He served as the mayor of Lancaster, Pennsylvania from 1979 to 1980.
Dee Anthony (April 9, 1926 &ndash; October 25, 2009) was an American talent manager who started in the business with fellow Bronx native Jerry Vale. After meeting Tony Bennett in 1954 at a nightclub in Yonkers, New York, he ended up representing the singer for more than a decade. From the 1960s to the mid 1990s, Anthony managed a number of music artists, including Humble Pie, Traffic, Jethro Tull, Joe Cocker, Devo and Armageddon, with his most notable client being Peter Frampton. He was born on April 9, 1926, and grew up in the Bronx as Anthony D'Addario, changing his name in the late 1950s. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy in the submarine service. After completing his military service, he started booking events for his friend Jerry Vale, ultimately becoming the road manager for crooner Tony Bennett. He started Bandana Enterprises with his brother in 1968, which managed artists such as Joe Cocker and Ten Years After. The English band Humble Pie had brought Anthony on in 1969 to help them gain entry into the American music scene, hoping to build on Anthony's success with helping other British groups, including Spooky Tooth and Traffic, reach into the U.S. record market. Anthony had the band tour extensively around the United States, and Humble Pie produced the moderately successful live album Performance Rockin' the Fillmore in 1971 which helped them gain recognition with American record purchasers. Frampton remained with Anthony as his manager after he left Humble Pie to go out and perform on his own, and Anthony had Frampton follow the same model he had used previously of extensive touring. The resulting album in 1976, Frampton Comes Alive! became one of the best-selling live albums in the United States and established him in the American scene. Frampton's subsequent albums, such as I'm in You in 1977, never attained the heights of his original live album. Anthony put Frampton in the 1978 film Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, which failed both commercially and critically, with Janet Maslin of The New York Times deriding the movie as \"a business deal set to music\". Frampton would leave Anthony shortly thereafter. From the 1980s until his retirement in the mid-1990s, Anthony would represent acts such as Peter Allen, Basia and Devo. Fred Goodman recorded Anthony's three rules of success in his 1997 book Mansion on the Hill: \"1) Get the money. 2) Remember to get the money; and, 3) Don't forget to always remember to get the money. \" The Southport, Connecticut, resident died at age 83 on October 25, 2009 at Norwalk Hospital of pneumonia. He was survived by his second wife, Valerie Anthony, as well as by four daughters and six grandchildren. An earlier marriage ended in divorce. Anthony's daughter, Michele Anthony, is the former president and chief operating officer of Sony Music, having left the post in 2006.
Anthony T. Kaho&#x2bb;ohanohano (1930 \u2013 September 1, 1951) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Korean War.
The Monas is a Colombian - American rock band from Miami, Florida.
The varieties of Ecuadorian maize are the repository of a rich farming and cooking tradition. Maize is cropped almost everywhere in Ecuador, with the exception of the Altiplano, the cold desert highlands 3000 meters above sea level. Maize production is concentrated in the provinces of Loja, Azuay, and Pichincha, and to a lesser extant Bol\u00EDvar, Chimborazo, Tungurahua, and Imbabura, provinces located in the mountains. Maize is also found in the coastal provinces, Manab\u00ED, Esmeralda, and Guayas, as well as Pastaza, part of the Ecuadorian Amazon.
Vicki Phillips (born about 1958) is an educator who has held government and non-profit positions in various parts of the United States. Phillips was Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Education from 2003-2004. She left Pennsylvania to become the Superintendent of Portland Public Schools in Portland, Oregon, where she served until 2007, when she was hired by the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation.
Session Americana is a Boston-based band consistently referred to in articles by variants of \u201Ca folk-rock [or roots] supergroup,\u201D a \u201Cwho\u2019s who\u201D or \u201Call-star\u201D band featuring members Sean Staples (mandolin, guitar, vocals, mandocello, fiddle), Billy Beard (drums/vocals), Jon Bistline (bass/vocals), Ry Cavanaugh (guitar, mandocello, vocals), Jim Fitting (harmonica/vocals) and Dinty Child (mandocello, fiddle, banjo, guitar, accordion, keyboards, vocals). This group of experienced musicians came together in 2005, after a show at Toad, a small club in Cambridge, MA. On that first night, Staples, Beard (the booking agent for both Toad and the Lizard Lounge) and Cavanaugh sat down around a table with a microphone in the middle and performed songs they all knew after a more standard performance. The six-member band solidified shortly afterward, with Kimon Kirk (bass, vocals) as the original bass player. Kirk moved to Los Angeles in early 2009, when he was replaced by Bistline. Session Americana had a Sunday-night residency at Toad for two years, moving to the larger Lizard Lounge in Cambridge, MA when their popularity outgrew Toad\u2019s small capacity. Session Americana frequently play at other locations in the Boston/Cambridge area, including Club Passim, in addition to gigs in Vermont and New York. Their shows continue to involve the band facing each other around a table, passing instruments around as needed, harmonizing on old blues tunes, classic Americana songs, and original numbers written by the group members and their guests. A hallmark of Session Americana is their frequent collaboration on-stage with musical guests, including Rose Polenzani (with whom SA recorded \u201CWhen the River Meets the Sea\u201D in 2008), Jennifer Kimball (who is married to Cavanaugh), Dennis Brennan, and many more. The band released four albums and continued their Lizard Lounge residency until slowing down concert appearances this year following Cavanaugh and Kimball\u2019s move to Ireland for 2009-2010. They reunited for a concert in October 2009 at the Brattle Theatre in Cambridge, MA, alongside Buffalo Tom\u2019s Bill Janovitz.
Ricardo Almend\u00E1riz was a Guatemalan draftsman who accompanied Antonio del R\u00EDo to the first excavation of pre-Columbian Maya ruins at Palenque in Chiapas, Mexico. Undertaken in May and June of 1787, the expedition was performed under orders from Charles III of Spain to investigate reports about the ruins from the inhabitants of the neighboring pueblo of Santo Domingo de Palenque. The team spent two weeks digging at the location followed by three weeks studying the site. Almend\u00E1riz made thirty drawings of the bas relief sculptures at the Palenque ruins. These drawings were intended to accompany del R\u00EDo's written report, which was dated June 24, 1787. According to George Stuart, writing for the Kislak Foundation, the del R\u00EDo report \"ranks as the first substantial archaeological report known in the Americas. Almend\u00E1riz's drawings of Palenque are \"remarkably accurate for the era\" and depict features of Palenque that have since been destroyed from exposure. For this reason they remain scientifically useful. The Almend\u00E1riz drawings were copied for archival purposes. The most complete set of contemporary copies belongs to the library of the Royal Palace in Madrid.
Honest Bob and the Factory-to-Dealer Incentives are an American indie rock band that formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1992. The band is composed of four former MIT students. Dan Schmidt is the lead singer, Greg Huang plays the bass guitar, Chris Rigopulos plays guitar and Bill Foster plays drums.
Jos\u00E9 \u00D3scar Francisco Mur\u00FAa Robledo (1898-1980) was a Guatemalan artist. He was born to Spanish immigrant Jos\u00E9 Antonio Mur\u00FAa y Valerdi in Guatemala City or Nueva Guatemala de la Asunci\u00F3n on 25 January 1898.
Wheeler's Frozen Dessert Co. is a microcreamery located in Boston, Massachusetts. The store sells ice cream made from blends of coconut, almond, cashew, rice, and soy milks. It is completely dairy-free, and is often marketed to vegan and lactose intolerant consumers. The storefront was founded by self-designated \"ice cream designer\" and cookbook author Wheeler Del Torro. Reputed as a \"hipster chef\" to vegan connoisseurs and celebrity food enthusiasts, Del Torro began making ice cream in the mid-nineties in Paris. He went on to host underground dinner parties and dessert tastings throughout the U.S. and abroad, finally opening the Boston shop in May 2008. Wheeler's has been connected with Boston's underground party scene. One particular after-hours dance party at the store was shut down by the Boston Police in March of 2009. In addition to ice cream, Wheeler\u2019s Frozen Dessert Co. also vends Wheeler\u2019s Black Label Sorbets, and Wheeler\u2019s Private Stock, a line of alcoholic frozen desserts that imitate popular mixed drinks. Customers can also design and order their own custom flavors. Del Torro, who claims the ability to \u201Cmake any flavor ice cream that you can come up with,\u201D has built a reputation upon his outlandish flavors, including a $7,000 vintage champagne ice cream containing gold flakes. In June 2009, Del Torro published The Vegan Scoop, a book of ice cream and dessert recipes that includes the bulk of ice cream flavors sold at Wheeler\u2019s Frozen Dessert Co.
Micah Sloat (born May 8, 1981) is an American actor and musician, largely unknown before his leading role as Micah in the 2009 hit horror film, Paranormal Activity.
Bedford-Fall River was a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elected one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. The district was created in 1993, but was redistributed in 2003.
David Knox Barton (born in 1927 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is an American radar systems engineer who has made significant contributions to air defense, missile guidance, monopulse radar, low-altitude tracking, air traffic control, and early warning radar. He had authored a well-regarded series of reference books on radar engineering in the late 1970s. David Barton was one of the people behind the MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile system.
Carl Francis \"Buddy\" Peterson (April 23, 1925 \u2014 September 19, 2006) was an American professional baseball player and manager who spent all but 13 games of his career at the minor league level. The native of Portland, Oregon, primarily a shortstop in his playing days, threw and batted right-handed, and stood 5 feet 9\u00BD inches (1.77 m) tall and weighed 170 pounds (77 kg). Peterson's playing career extended from 1947 through 1960 and included two brief Major League trials \u2014 with the Chicago White Sox in September 1955 and the Baltimore Orioles in September 1957. Peterson recorded 38 at bats and made nine hits, including three doubles, for a batting average of .237, with two runs batted in. Peterson was a fixture in the Pacific Coast League during the 1950s, as the regular shortstop for three teams: the San Diego Padres, Vancouver Mounties and Sacramento Solons. He batted .280 in 2,005 minor league games, with 93 home runs. After his playing career, Peterson managed in the farm systems of the New York Mets, Kansas City Royals and Oakland Athletics, with his final season as a skipper coming in 1974. He died at age 81 in Sacramento, California.
Wellington East was a provincial electoral district in the province of Ontario, Canada. From c1886 to c1926 it elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Wellington West was a provincial electoral district in the province of Ontario, Canada. From c1875 to c1934 it elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Bo\u011Fazi\u00E7i Sultans is Turkey's first American Football team, founded in 1987. Formerly named as Bo\u011Fazi\u00E7i Elephants.
The NESkimos are an independent American video game music cover band from St. Augustine, Florida. They are known for their songs based on video game music, as well as covers of songs from popular television shows and movies. They fancy themselves a video game cover band that, rather than try and recreate songs note-for-note, opt to artistically explore and expand upon the songs they cover, via creating additional parts (such as their cover of Grape Garden from Kirby's Adventure) or creating lyrics (such as their cover of Norfair from Metroid). The NESkimos have gained a very fierce, loyal following on their web forums (fans refer to themselves as NESkimites), and they allow fans to download all their music, for free, from their website. They perform in clubs throughout the Southeast United States, and have made appearances at MAGfest and PAX. In 2004, they were featured on MTV's Ultimate Video Game Countdown. The NESkimos are plagued by the fact that many of their songs are on peer-to-peer networks, incorrectly tagged as being recorded by the older and more popular VGM cover band, The Minibosses. Their current status is unknown, as their website has not been updated in many years.
Blameless is an hip hop and rock band from Jacksonville, Florida. The band's members are Kirwinn \"Kaj Mike (vocals, keyboard), Akeem \"A-King\" Brailsford (rapper), Mark \"Jules\" Taylor (rapper, guitar), J. P Fuller (Lead guitar, backing vocals), Steve Schnepel (bass guitar) and Jason Callicott (drums). They are best known for energetic live shows and artistic blend of rock music and southern style swagger rap. Their inspirational life changing lyrics along with a classic sound of guitars, inspired by great musicians in the 70s and 80s, round out the Blameless \"Swock Music\" Sound.
Zmanda Inc. is an Open Source backup software company. It is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA, USA.. Zmanda develops and maintains the popular open source backup tools AMANDA and Zmanda Recovery Manager. It also offers Zmanda Cloud Backup which is an online backup tool.
Fujitsu Computer Products of America, Inc. (FCPA) is a distributor of Fujitsu document imaging scanner products, headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, United States. FCPA is a subsidiary of Fujitsu Limited With over 150 employees, the company is responsible for distribution sales and marketing, finance and administration, and engineering and technical support for Fujitsu document imaging scanner business in the United States. The company claims to have a \"55 percent market share in the U.S. of the 20-to-49-pages-per-minute, high-performance scanner market.\"
Mike Clark is a musician and restaurateur based in Portland, Oregon. He currently plays keyboards and guitar for Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks.
AM Conspiracy is an American hard rock band from Orlando, Florida, formed in 2005. Their current lineup consists of Jason \"Gong\" Jones, who was member of the band Drowning Pool when they recorded the album Desensitized, (vocals), Dean Andrews (drums), Kenny Harrelson (bass guitar), Drew Burke (guitar), and Rob DeHaven (guitar). The band is currently signed to Burnhill Union Records.
Luke Kuechly (born April 20, 1991 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football linebacker for the Boston College Eagles.
The Made Men was an American rap group signed to Restless Records composed of former Almighty RSO members Benzino and Antonio Twice Thou (formally E-Devious), and Cool Gsus. The group first appeared on DJ Clue's debut album, The Professional on the self-titled track, \"Made Men\". They then issued their debut album Classic Limited Edition on August 24, 1999, but the album failed to meet expectations, only making it to 61 on the Billboard 200. Although they never released a follow-up, the group continued to make guest appearances on albums by other artists and soundtracks. They last appeared on Daz Dillinger's ' in 2001.
Jeanne Robinson (born March 30, 1948 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American-born Canadian dancer, choreographer, teacher and co-author of three award-winning science fiction novels, The Stardance Saga. She married fellow writer Spider Robinson in 1975. Since February 2009 she has been battling biliary tract cancer.
Rico Murray (born August 21, 1987 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football cornerback for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League. He was signed by the Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Kent State.
Smule is an American software and video game developer and publisher headquartered in Menlo Park, California. Smule develops interactive \"sonic\" applications for the iPhone and other technology platforms. The company's most profitable products are on Apple's App Store and include I Am T-Pain, Sonic Lighter, Ocarina, Zephyr, and '. Smule is developing the new \"sonic network\", connecting users across the globe through expressive audio. \"Smule's Ocarina and Leaf Trombone have set the standard for iPhone applications, combining innovative uses of the hardware with compelling social experiences,\" says CEO Jeff Smith.
Coro Allegro is a classical music choral group based in Boston, Massachusetts, drawing its members from the LGBT community. It was founded in 1990.
DAG Ventures is an American venture capital firm based in Palo Alto, California. It is known as a \"coattail\" fund for co-investing in later-stage private financing rounds alongside more prominent top-tier venture funds such as Kleiner Perkins, Sequoia Capital, Benchmark Capital, and Accel Venture Partners.
Joseph E. \"Joe\" Sinnott is the incumbent mayor of Erie, Pennsylvania. A Democrat, he has served as mayor since January of 2006. A lifelong resident of Erie, Sinnott graduated from Academy High School in 1984, and Gannon University in 1988 with a B.S. in chemistry. He worked as a chemist at the Erie Waste Water Treatment Plant for eight year. He was accepted to Case Western Reserve University School of Law in 1996 and graduated in 1999. He joined the firm of Quinn, Buseck, Leemhuis, Toohey &amp; Kroto in Erie, concentrating in the areas of environmental and commercial litigation, and later practiced domestic and family law with the Erie firm of Carney &amp; Good for several years. He also worked at Resource Settlement for a few years up until being elected to city council. In 2003, Sinnott was elected to the city council for a four year term. In 2005, he successfully ran for mayor of Erie, taking office on January 2, 2006. Sinnott was reelected in 2009. His parents, Edward and Gloria Sinnott, were both public school teachers.
Sierra Minott is a beauty queen from Fort Meyers, Florida who was crowned Miss Florida 2008. She previously held the title of Miss Palm Beach County 2008, and received preliminary swimsuit and evening gown awards at Miss Florida, making her the second Miss Florida to be a double preliminary winner. Minott represented Florida at the 2009 Miss America Pageant and placed in the top 5, as the 4th runner-up to Miss America. Sierra Minott was also Miss Florida's Outstanding Teen 2005 and competed in the first Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant. Minott placed 3rd runner-up in the national competition. Minott is a current student at Palm Beach Atlantic University, and is set to graduate in 2010.
Canelazo is a hot alcoholic beverage consumed in the Andean highlands of Ecuador and Colombia. It typically consists of aguardiente, sugar or panela, and agua de canela (water boiled with cinnamon). Canelazo is traditionally made with homemade aguardiente, but bottled alcohol is also used. There are many variations on the recipe. It is often made with fruit juice. Cloves are sometimes added, and alcohol is sometimes omitted. The origins of the drink are unknown, but the drink has long been consumed in the Andes. In Ecuador, the drink often sold by street vendors during fiestas. It is especially popular on Christmas. In 2005, one business began bottling canelazo without alcohol for export.
Sentrigo is a software company located in Santa Clara, California, USA. The company was founded in 2006 by Nathan Shuchami and Slavik Markovich, to address several key challenges in Database security. Specifically, the inability to monitor activity of privileged users and those who have established such credentials through nefarious means, and the difficulty in maintaining a DBMS at the most current patch level. Sentrigo is privately held and backed by Benchmark Capital and Stata Ventures.
Blue Coat Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: BCSI is a network security and network management company based in Sunnyvale, California, United States. It identifies itself as an application delivery network specialist. It was previously known as CacheFlow.
Liz Cochran (born August 7, 1988) is Miss Alabama 2009.
Mary Flower is an award-winning American musician and music educator on the independent Yellow Dog Records label. A blues and ragtime fingerstyle guitarist and vocalist, she combines intricate syncopated Piedmont style fingerpicking with lap-slide guitar. In 2000 and 2003, Flower placed in the top three at the National Finger Style Guitar Championship, the only female to do this twice for guitar. She\u2019s performed with Jorma Kaukonen, guitarist/songwriter Pat Donohue, Hot Rize founder Tim O\u2019Brien, singer Molly O\u2019Brien, guitarist/songwriter Geoff Muldaur, and the Campbell Brothers. As a songwriter, arranger and educator she has several musical and instructional releases to her credit.
Junius is an American indie rock band from Boston, Massachusetts.
Scott A. Benhase is the tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia. He was elected September 12, 2009 to succeed Henry I. Louttit, Jr..
iGATE Corporation is an information technology firm founded and based in Fremont, California with an operational headquarters Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The company specializes in business data processing and uses a structure known as iTOPS (integrated Technology and Operations Systems) to meet customer demands. Services provided include: IT consulting; application development, data warehousing, business intelligence solutions, ERP/enterprise solutions, BPO/business service provisioning, infrastructure management, testing/independent verification and validation, and contact center services. Offices are located in 16 countries and serve businesses in various fields. While the US has long been their operations center, the company is undergoing an aggressive expansion into India. By 2012, the company wants to be a billion dollar organization, for which association should be with 100 of the global 1000 clients. They are considered to be among the top 10 best employers in India.
John Conner is an American football fullback. He currently attends the University of Kentucky in his senior year. Conner earned a 2009 College Football All-America Team selection and is regarded as one of the best fullback prospects in the 2010 NFL Draft.
John Craig is an American indie pop artist based in Portland, Oregon. John's solo project known as \"John Craig\" was formed in Portland in 2009. John is best known for his 2009 single \"Ticking\" which was featured in the motion picture Tucker &amp; Dale vs. Evil (premiering at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival) along with \"Soon\" and \"Trouble. \" John's debut EP \"Umlaut\" has garnered industry buzz thanks in part to reviews by the Willamette Week's Casey Jarman and by the Portland Tribune's Rob Cullivan. \"Ticking\" has also been prominently featured on Portland's 94.7 KNRK and 101.9 KINK.
Finisar is a public corporation based in Sunnyvale, California. Specializing in optical communication components, Finisar's products work on a wide range of networks including LAN, SAN, MAN, and WAN. In 2008, Finisar merged with Optium Corporation. Finisar maintains a large global presence with facilities in Australia, China, Israel, Malaysia, Singapore, and the United States. The company is currently in development of 100 Gb/s ethernet, having recently completed a demonstration of interoperability with Ixia.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 40 (MALS-40) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 40 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Surfer Blood is an indie rock band from West Palm Beach, Florida. Their 2009 debut single \"Swim\" debuted through Pitchfork Media and gained critical acclaim as it was placed as the 37th best track on Pitchfork's 100 Best Songs of the 2009. Their sound has been compared to Weezer, Pavement and Built to Spill.
Fritada is a typical dish in Ecuadorian cuisine. Its main ingredient is fried pork. It is a traditional dish, and its origins date back to the colonial era, to the beginning of the 1800s. The pork is cooked in boiling water with various spices and then is fried with pork fat in a brass pan over flames. It is generally served with tortilla de papa (Spanish omelette) or whole boiled potatoes, mote or cooked corn, pickled onions and tomato, and fried ripe plantains. It may also be accompanied by cooked fava beans or mellocos, though mellocos are rather uncommon.
The Boston City Club (est.1904) in Boston, Massachusetts focused on \"the city of Boston and the problems of its growth. \" Founders included Louis D. Brandeis, Edward Filene and others.
Vesa Juhani Alakulppi (April 23, 1941 \u2013 May 14, 1968) was a United States Army captain and a recipient of the Silver Star medal for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Melvyn R. Paisley (1924-2001) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Engineering and Systems) from 1981 to 1987; in 1991, he admitted that while in office he had accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars of bribes and was sentenced to four years in prison.
Colada morada is a typical Ecuadorian beverage prepared with black corn flour and fruits such as naranjilla, babaco, pineapple, blackberries, strawberries, and blueberries (which give it its color). It is traditionally consumed on November 2, D\u00EDa de Difuntos, with a type of bread called guaguas de pan. In indigenous Andean communities, especially in rural areas like Tungurahua Province, it is consumed and offered in the cemetery next to the tomb of deceased relatives as part of the rite of reunion with ancestors.
This list includes opera productions of the Opera Group and Opera Company of Boston from 1958 to 1990.
Digital Keystone, Inc. develops digital entertainment technologies that bridge Pay TV with the new digital home. DK solutions include security and navigation software, and industry-standard validation tools for development, certification, and manufacturing. DK technologies enable content access throughout the entire home, offering security, interactive services, and device connectivity.
Guatitas, or guatitas criollas is a popular dish in Chile and in Ecuador, where it is considered a national dish. Guatitas is essentially a stew whose main ingredient is pieces of tripe (cow stomach), known locally as \"guatitas. \" The tripe is often cleaned several times in a lemon-juice brine, after which it is cooked for a long time until the meat is tender. Then it is allowed to cool and finely chopped. There are various vegetarian versions of the dish in which wheat gluten is substituted for tripe. Other variations use strong-tasting fishing such as tuna. The traditional Ecuadorian recipe is served hot and accompanied by potatoes and a peanut sauce. The dish is often considered an acquired taste. Because of its strong taste, it is sometimes served in small quantities. In Ecuador, it is believed that guatita helps relieve hangover symptoms. For this reason, it is often served by restaurants early on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
Charles V. Blanchard (February 2, 1866-February 20, 1939) was a American politician who served as a Massachusetts State Representative and a Massachusetts State Senator. While he was a member of the Massachusetts House Blanchard developed a close friendship with Calvin Coolidge. Blanchard, it was rumored, taught Coolidge how to properly dress for various occasions. Blanchard did not seek re\u00EBlection to the senate in 1913. Blanchard was replaced by Charles W. Eldridge for the 1914 legislative term. Blanchard worked for many years for the N. E. Tel &amp; Tel Co. Blanchard had a heart attack and died while he was on a trip to Florida, where he had gone to spend the winter.
John B. Campbell (March 13, 1777\u2013 August 28, 1814) was a soldier during the War of 1812, most famous for his expedition to destroy the Miami Indian villages along the Mississinewa River and perhaps most infamous for destroying private houses and other property along with the stocks of grain and mills, which led to a Court of Enquiry and unprecedented letter to the enemy British Army explaining himself.
Emily Cox, (born Emily Ann Cox on March 2, 1986) is Miss Kentucky 2008.
Charles Church Roberts (March 6, 1882 \u2013 March 8, 1957) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He was awarded the medal for his actions during a fire aboard the USS North Dakota (BB-29) in 1910. He later served in World War I and became a commissioned officer.
This Runs Through was an American metalcore band from Tampa, Florida. Founded in April 2002, and only one month later begun touring throughout the east coast of America. They have to date only released one EP entitled Until Forever Finds Me which then followed to their disbandment in 2004.
Sally Bagshaw is a member of the Seattle City Council, first elected in 2009. She defeated her challenger David Bloom in the November election by winning 69.25 percent of the vote. As of January 2010 she is chair of the Parks &amp; Seattle Center committee and the Waterfront Planning committee, vice chair of the Public Safety &amp; Education Committee, a member of the Built Environment committee, and an alternate on the Housing, Human Services, Health, &amp; Culture committee. Bagshaw received a bachelor's degree in history from Stanford University in 1973 and a JD from the University of Idaho in 1976.
Cathy Marshall is a news anchor that has had a career spanning decades and has worked with news studios in several cities in the US. She currently works for MDiTV, a medical news network based in Portland, OR. For many years Marshall and husband John Marler co-hosted news programs in several cities.
Waterford Speedbowl is a paved oval in Waterford, Connecticut.
The Boston Opera Company (BOC) was an American opera company located in Boston, Massachusetts that was active from 1909-1915. The company was founded in 1908 by Bostonian millionaire Eben Jordan and impresario Henry Russell. Jordan, an opera enthusiast and amateur singer, was the heir to a department store fortune and provided the company's financial backing for its first three seasons. He also provided the funds necessary to complete the Boston Opera House, as the theatre's construction had been halted for some years due to lack of finances. Russell had worked as a talent manager and opera director in Europe and from 1906-1909 his touring opera company, the San Carlo Opera Company (SCOC), had been based in Boston when not on the road. The SCOC was basically the artistic seed for the new Boston Opera Company as many artists working for this touring company, such as Alice Nielsen, Lillian Nordica, Florencio Constantino, and Louise Homer, became a part of the Boston Opera Company. The company's first performance was given for the opening of the Boston Opera House on November 8, 1909. The company presented Amilcare Ponchielli's \"La Gioconda\" with Nordica in the title role and Homer as La Cieca. During its six seasons the BOC presented a wide array of works, including two contemporary operas by Boston composer Frederick Converse: The Pipe of Desire and The Sacrifice. Although the company was admired for its artistic excellence (largely due to the fine conducting by Felix Weingartner), the organization was plagued with financial worries after the initial backing by Jordan ended. These monetary problems eventually forced the company to declare bankruptcy on May 11, 1915.
Richard Finan was the former President of the Ohio Senate. Representing the 7th District from \u22122002, Finan is one of the longest serving Senate Presidents in the institution's history. The Finan Finance Hearing Room in the Ohio Senate Building is named in his honor.
David J. Smith (d. January 26, 2010) of Frederick, Maryland, was a Marine Corps sergeant who died from combat injuries sustained during Operation Enduring Freedom in the War in Afghanistan.
Wolseley is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Centered on the town of Wolseley, it was one of 25 constituencies created for the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. Created as \"Wolseley\" before 1905, the district was redrawn and renamed \"Moose Mountain\" in 1908. Redrawn and renamed again in 1921, the riding was abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the constituencies of Indian Head-Milestone and Moosomin.
George Washington Weidler (October 22, 1837 \u2013 September 19, 1908) was a prominent 19th century transportation agent, investor, and business owner in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Born in Pennsylvania, he moved as a young man to St. Louis, Missouri, where he began a career in merchandising and shipping. His work gradually took him further west, to Nevada, California, and in 1866 to Oregon, where he remained for the rest of his life. In Portland, Weidler worked as an agent for Ben Holladay and Henry Villard, both of whom controlled big transportation companies. He was part owner of the city's first street railway, and he owned a lumber mill that was Portland's biggest in 1880. He was the first person to sell electric lighting in Portland, and he helped organize a power company that was a predecessor of Portland General Electric. Weidler was active in the Arlington, Portland, and Commercial clubs in the city. He and his wife, Hattie, had seven children. Weidler Street in northeast Portland is named after him.
Nipawin was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 9th Saskatchewan general election in 1938 as \"Torch River\", after the rural municipality and the river that flows through it. Redrawn and renamed \"Nipawin\" in 1952, the constituency was dissolved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the constituencies of Carrot River Valley and Saskatchewan Rivers.
Robert Miller Montague was a Lieutenant General in the United States Army. He achieved prominence as the deputy commander of Fort Bliss, Texas and commander of the Sandia Missile Base in New Mexico during the start of modern ufology and head of the U.S. Caribbean Command.
Louis John Jordan (January 30, 1890 &ndash; March 5, 1918) was an American football player. He played for the University of Texas from 1911 to 1914 and was the first Texas Longhorns player to be selected as an All-American. Jordan was killed by German artillery while serving in France during World War I. He was among the first four individuals, and the first athlete, inducted into the Longhorn Hall of Honor. He was also selected as the honorary captain for the all-time University of Texas football team in 2009.
Jennifer Psaki is the Deputy Assistant to the President of the United States and the Deputy White House Communications Director.
Wilkie was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, centered on the town of Wilkie, Saskatchewan. Created as \"Tramping Lake\" before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912, this constituency was renamed \"Wilkie\" in 1917. The district was dissolved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the ridings of Biggar, Cut Knife-Turtleford, and Kindersley.
Watrous was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, in the area of Watrous, Saskatchewan, east of Saskatoon. Created as \"Vonda\" before the 2nd Saskatchewan general election in 1908, this constituency was redrawn and renamed \"Watrous\" in 1934. This riding was abolished and absorbed into the Arm River district before the 18th Saskatchewan general election in 1975. Another provincial electoral district named \"Watrous\" existed from 1995 to 2003.
Shellbrook was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, in the area of Shellbrook, Saskatchewan, west of Prince Albert. Created as \"Prince Albert\" before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905, this constituency was redrawn and renamed \"Shellbrook\" in 1912. The riding was again redrawn and renamed \"Shellbrook-Torch River\" in 1982, and abolished before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995. It is now part of the districts of Rosthern-Shellbrook and Saskatchewan Rivers. Another provincial electoral district in the same area called \"Shellbrook-Spiritwood\" existed from 1995 to 2003.
Melfort was a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912, this riding was dissolved and combined with the Tisdale district before the 12th Saskatchewan general election in 1952. It is now part of a reconstituted Melfort constituency.
Ted Wheeler (born August 31, 1962) is an American politician from Oregon. He was appointed Oregon State Treasurer on March 9, 2010 to replace Ben Westlund, who died in office. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Hertel Wax is an American company which produces ski wax, snowboard wax, skate wax and accessories. The company is owned by Terry Hertel and is based in Sunnyvale, California. Terry Hertel founded the company in California in 1972; Hertel wax was the first producer of all-temperature ski and snowboard waxes. The company approach was to micro-encapsulate tiny water soluble surfactants into the wax. The company holds a patent on the first fluorocarbon waxes, introduced in 1986.
James Bernard Driscoll (born May 14, 1944 in Medford, Massachusetts) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman and shortstop who played two seasons with the Oakland Athletics and Texas Rangers. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Cicero Hunt Lewis was a prominent merchant and investor in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon during the second half of the 19th century. Born in New Jersey in 1826, Lewis and a friend, Lucius Allen, traveled across the continent in 1851 to open a dry goods and grocery store in what was then a frontier town of about 800 people living along the west bank of the Willamette River. By 1880, their firm, Allen &amp; Lewis, had become one of the leading wholesale grocery companies on the West Coast. Supporting transportation projects that affected his business, he was a member of the Portland River Channel Improvement Committee in the 1860s, invested in the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company in the 1870s, and was appointed to the original Port of Portland Commission in the 1890s. He helped form a local subscription library in the 1860s, and he was named to the city's first water board in the 1880s. Married to Clementine Couch, daughter of another prominent Portland pioneer, Lewis fathered 11 children and after 1881 lived in a large, elegantly furnished house within walking distance of his office. He spent most of his time at work or at home, and had few other interests aside from church and charitable donations. He died in 1897 while walking to work on a Saturday afternoon.
Calvin C. Johnson Sr. was a member of the Ohio Senate from January 3, 1967-February 9, 1970. His district encompasses the majority of the city of Cincinnati. He was succeeded by Bill Bowen. His son, Calvin C. Johnson Jr. is a renowned author. http://books. google. com/books?id=WvO6EzeBLzsC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;dq=Exit+to+Freedom&amp;ei=k_abS6DRA4eeM-eH6bcH&amp;cd=1#v=onepage&amp;q=&amp;f=false
Bill Bowen is a former member of the Ohio Senate. William Bowen, who became one of the most influential African American political leaders in Ohio, grew up in poverty in the West End of Cincinnati. He graduated from Woodward High School and attended Xavier University before dropping out to work full time in civil rights. He became a force in the Cincinnati political scene in the late 1950s when, as the president of the Cincinnati chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, he led a march to Coney Island to call for the desegregation of the amusement park's Sunlite Pool. As president of the NAACP from 1958 to 1964, Bowen relied on diplomatic skills rather than direct confrontation to encourage racial integration in his city. He was well known for his warm and gentle way with people. Bowen won election to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1966, representing a district with a large African American population. Four years later, he was appointed to, and then won on his own, the Ohio Senate seat for the 9th district. He held the office until his retirement in 1994. During his tenure in the Senate, Bowen made his reputation as a champion of civil rights, fair housing, and affirmative action. He was the driving force behind the legislation that established state set-asides, resulting in the awarding of state contracts to minority contractors. He was officially recognized by the 107th General Assembly for outstanding leadership during the race riots in Cincinnati in the late 1960s. Bowen was active in community organizations. He was a Mason, a member of the Zion Baptist Church, and an organizer of the Citizens Coalition Against Crime. He served in the National Conference of State Legislators and National Conference of Black Elected Officials. He was also a family man. He and his wife Sharon had five children, William, Kevin, Terry, Nikol, and Linda. Remembering Bowen in 1999, Senate President Richard Finan said, \"People forget the power he had in the Ohio General Assembly. \" Even in 1990, when his party was out of power, Bowen still got legislation passed which created a commission to study the plight of black males in Ohio. He was a forceful and unrelenting voice for the disadvantaged. As fellow Senator William Mallory, Sr. stated, he was an advocate \"for blacks and for whites, for anyone who needed an advocate. \" During his farewell address to the Senate, he advised his colleagues to \"remember those who are the least among us. \" After his retirement from the Senate, Bowen worked as a government consultant and continued in the insurance business that he had started decades earlier. He died on April 22, 1999.
Harry Jump is a former member of the Ohio Senate. He served the 13th District from 1967-1968.
